ESG 
DISCLOSURE 
REPORT
03

About Peak Re and This Report

04 CEO Message

13

ESG at Peak Re

Sustainability at Peak Re

Governance at Peak Re

Performance Standards

ESG Strategy and Initiatives

ESG Strategy Overview

Sustainability Commitments

20 Adapting to Climate Change

Responding to Climate Change

29

SDGs + CSR

Contributions to SDGs and CSR

Looking Ahead

Advancing Our Strategy Journey

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
About Peak Re

Peak Reinsurance Company Limited (“Peak Re" or the “Company”) is a Hong Kong-based 
global reinsurance company. Since commencing operations in 2012, the Company has 
grown steadily to rank 27th among global reinsurance groups in terms of net reinsurance 
premiums written.1 

For the year ended 31 December 2023, Peak Re reported a reinsurance revenue of USD1.56 
billion and a net profit of USD200 million. With net assets of USD1.28 billion as of 31 December 
2023, Peak Re is rated Aby AM Best.

Peak Re is authorised by the Insurance Authority of Hong Kong under the Insurance 
Ordinance (Cap. 41). The Company offers both Property & Casualty (“P&C”) and Life & Health 
(“L&H”) reinsurance. It provides innovative and tailored reinsurance, risk management and 
capital management solutions to clients around the world.

Fosun International Limited (00656.HK) and Prudential Financial, Inc. own approximately 87% 
and 13% of Peak Re, respectively, through Peak Reinsurance Holdings Limited.

About 
This Report

The Peak Re ESG Disclosure Report 2023 details our commitment to sustainable insurance 
practices and Environmental, Social and Governance ("ESG") principles. This report 
illustrates our aim to align with global standards while informing all relevant stakeholders 
of our ESG frameworks and disclosure procedures across our underwriting, investment and 
operational activities.

As a signatory to the United Nations Environment Programme Finance Initiative ("UNEP Fl") 
Principles for Sustainable Insurance ("PSI"), we aim to maintain business conduct in responsible 
and forward-looking ways that can contribute to sustainable economic development. 

The information presented in this report covers primarily the period from 1 January 2023 to 31 
December 2023. Major developments in 2024 are also included.

1 "S&P Global Ratings Top 40 Global Reinsurers and Reinsurers by Country: 2023”, S&P Global Ratings, 2023.

CEO Message

Franz-Joseph Hahn
Chief Executive Officer

Adherence to environmental, social, and governance 
("ESG") principles is at the core of Peak Re’s founding 
mission and ongoing operations. This commitment is 
evident in our meticulous and sustained management of 
climate and environmental risks. The stakes are incredibly 
high, as demonstrated by the increasing frequency 
and severity of extreme weather events in recent 
years. The looming climate crisis is poised to escalate 
costs for households, corporations, and societies. 

Insurance and reinsurance play a crucial role in mitigating damage and 
supporting swift recovery. However, the complexity of these issues and the 
necessary realignment of interests among different stakeholders often lead to 
market dislocations, as seen in our industry in 2022 and 2023. Despite these 
challenges, significant progress has been made, and the global reinsurance 
market is now better equipped to support climate change management 
efforts. I am confident that our dedication to sustainable development and 
strict adherence to ESG principles will enable us to navigate these challenges 
effectively, positioning us well to manage risks and seize emerging opportunities.

I firmly believe that the ESG challenges we face underscore the critical role 
of insurance and reinsurance in the markets we serve. Asia’s burgeoning 
middle class is the cornerstone of global sustainable development, and 
protecting these communities is central to Peak Re’s founding mission.

In addition to striving to improve our ESG practices, transparency in our actions 
and effective communication are also vital. Our ESG policies are designed to 
mitigate material risks across our business lines and support financial performance 
while uplifting communities. This report demonstrates how this dual approach 
is both possible and essential, showcasing the sustainability principles that 
strengthen our underwriting, investment, and operational frameworks.

As a purpose-driven organisation, advancing society and the reinsurance 
industry has been at the heart of Peak Re’s founding principles. We strive to 
uphold this mission through responsible practices across our business.

Peak Re ESG Disclosure Report 2023

ESG at 
Peak Re

Protect Against Risks 
and Support Sustainable 
Development

Peak Re ESG Disclosure Report 2023

ESG at Peak Re

Sustainability at Peak Re 

Peak Re was established in 2012 with a mission 
to modernise reinsurance to support the 
protection needs of a rapidly growing middle 
class in emerging Asia and beyond. Since 
its establishment, Peak Re has embedded 
sustainability principles in its operations, diversity 
in its culture, an active engagement in social 
responsibility and a dedication to continually 
evaluating and advancing our ESG goals. 

We have been a signatory to the United Nations 
Environment Programme Finance Initiative ("UNEP 
FI") Principles for Sustainable Insurance (“PSI”) 
since 2012, demonstrating our long-standing 
commitment to sustainability. In 2024, Peak Re 
became one of the 33 inaugural signatories to the 
Hong Kong Insurance Industry Climate Charter 
("Climate Charter") developed by the Hong Kong 
Federation of Insurers ("HKFI"), committing to 
aligning with the Hong Kong government’s carbon 
neutrality target.

ESG and sustainability fundamentals 

Our sustainability framework, with its top-down 
approach, allows us to effectively monitor 
and manage a diverse array of ESG risks 
while meeting our business objectives. 

In addition to our ESG risk monitoring 
framework, our underwriting and 
investment portfolios also undergo an 
environmental and social screening.

Furthermore, our active approach to 
sustainability and research opens us up 
to new business opportunities in new risk 
solutions and investments in low-carbon 

technologies or fuels, climate adaptation and 
nature-based solutions. In particular, we look 
to working together with our clients to create 
innovative solutions and products supporting our 
sustainability objectives.

Given Peak Re’s expanding business portfolio and 
the evolving landscape around sustainability, we 
have embarked to thoroughly assess our existing 
ESG framework, benchmarking it against the 
evolving expectations of our stakeholders and 
the latest global industry practices. This includes 
a review of our data and processes that would 
help deepen ESG integration in our underwriting, 
investment and corporate operations.

Our sustainability framework

 ENVIRON

Physical Risk
Destruction 
of physical
inventory

ME
N
T
A
L

Transition 
Risk 
Product or 
sectors become 
obsolete

Liability
Risks

VERNANCE
 G

O

Compliance

Anti-bribery/
Anti
Corruption

Governance

Working
Conditions

Human
Rights

SOCIAL

Peak Re ESG Disclosure Report 2023

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Governance at Peak Re 

We recognise that our stakeholders’ ESG 
governance and monitoring expectations continue 
to evolve and expect to refine our ESG governance 
framework in keeping with these changes. 

Currently, the responsibility for ESG governance 
at Peak Re sits with the executive committee, as 
delegated by the Board. The accountability for ESG 
integration is further taken up by different functions, 
including risk management on ESG risk assessment 
and regulatory requirements, analytics on climate 
risk assessment, the investment team on enabling 
ESG integration in investment portfolios, corporate 
communications on ESG disclosures and research 
on understanding the impacts of developing 
and emerging ESG risks and opportunities. Some 
functions have appointed dedicated ESG personnel 
responsible for the ESG initiatives and integration 
within their functions.

In 2023, we conducted a peer and industry analysis 
to understand the global industry best practices 
on ESG governance. We also regularly engage with 
industry bodies, regulators, ESG experts and the 
academia on ESG and green finance in Hong Kong, 
to keep abreast of developments on these topics.

We expect further reviews of our ESG 
strategy to encompass the deepening of the 
ESG governance structures, and setting of 

workstreams, target key performance indicators 
(KPIs) and reporting mechanisms. 

Three lines of defence

Our "Three Lines of Defence" model for enterprise 
risk management underpins our governance and 
risk management framework. It helps mitigate 
business risks and protect against negative impacts 
from normal business operations. All our major 
decision-making processes, including monitoring of 
sustainability-related risks and practices, fall under 
this risk management structure. 

The first line of defence refers to functions that 
own and manage processes and internal control 
systems. The second line encompasses the 
compliance, legal, and risk management oversight 
of all risk management activities including the 
monitoring of risk limits. The third line includes an 
internal audit or validation of all controls within the 
first and second lines of defence.

This model allows us to proactively manage and 
address risks with clear accountability, objective 
and independent oversight of risks, and a thorough 
risk awareness through the organisation of our risk 
appetite and capacity, and how it scales down to 
the granular metrics designed to use by business 
teams in their day-to-day decision making. 

Our three lines of defence

1st Line of defence

2nd Line of defence

3rd Line of defence

Operating units

Design processes and
internal control system

Compliance and
risk functions

Provide independent oversight
of Peak Re’s risk-taking and
risk-management activities 
and assessing informal controls

Internal audit function

Provide independent 
validation of the 
risk-mitigation controls in the 
ﬁrst two lines of defence

Peak Re ESG Disclosure Report 2023

Our governance model

e
c
n
a
r
u
s
s
a

t
i
d
u
a

l

a
n
r
e
t
n

i

,
t
h
g
i
s
r
e
v
o

d
n
a

g
n

i
t
r
o
p
e
R

s
e
c
n
a
r
e

l

o
t

d
n
a

s
e
t
i
t
e
p
p
a
k
s
i
r

,

e
n
o
t

d
n
a

e
r
u
t
l

u
c

k
s
i
R

Board oversight 
Board of directors 

Risk management 
& compliance 
committee

Nomination & 
remuneration 
committee

Investment 
committee

Audit 
committee

Executive management oversight 

Functional and operational oversight 

Management committees 
oversight mechanism
• Proﬁtabilty studies and review 
• Reserving reviews 
• Pricing reviews and approvals 
• Asset and liability management

Policies and processes

• Board approved policies, internal 
 guidance and procedures 
 applied to key functions and 
 processes 
• Annual business planning and 
 budgeting process 
• Delegated authorities and 

signing authorities

First line functions

• Hold responsible for maintaining effective 
internal controls and executing risk and 
control procedures on a day-to-day basis 

Second line functions
Enterprise risk management and compliance 

• Facilitates and monitors the implementation 
of effective risk management practices 
• Monitors the adequacy and effectiveness of 
internal control, accuracy and completeness 
of reporting, compliance with laws and 
regulation

Third line functions

• Internal audit function to provide the Board 
and senior management with comprehensive 
assurance based on the highest level of 
independence and objectivity within the 

 Company

Peak Re ESG Disclosure Report 2023

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Governance framework

Our governance policies inform all decision-making 
processes, and we continuously update this 
framework to align with emerging risks. Peak Re’s 
Board of Directors (the “Board”) upholds the highest 
standards of corporate governance in accordance 
with the regulatory requirements of the Hong Kong 
Insurance Authority (“HKIA”). 

In particular, the composition of our Board includes 
a higher percentage of independent non-executive 
directors (“INEDs”) than required by the HKIA and 
all the Board Committees are chaired by our INEDs, 
which further strengthens our independence and 
governance. The four Board committees that 
support the Board’s oversight capacity, are:

 ■ Audit committee
 ■ Investment committee
 ■ Risk management and compliance committee
 ■ Nomination and remuneration committee

The director appointments are subject to regulatory 
approvals. The Board meets four times a year or 
more frequently as required. At the quarterly board 
meetings, the average director attendance was 
96% in the year 2023.

ESG training 

Capacity building through ESG training is critical 
to integrating ESG across our business. We aim 

to advance the firm’s ESG awareness in line with 
evolving stakeholder expectations at all levels of 
governance.

In 2023, our Board members received an ESGfocused training to deepen their knowledge 
on ESG topics and to stay abreast of the latest 
developments in the field. 

As part of our governance commitment, we 
regularly provide trainings for our employees on 
anti-money laundering ("AML"), counter-terrorist 
financing ("CTF"), anti-bribery and anti-corruption, 
data protection and sanctions compliance at 
a group-wide level. In 2023, we also included 
a mandatory compliance training module on 
“Diversity, Equality, and Inclusion”, as part of our 
continuous commitment to discussing this topic.

In addition to our established ESG training and 
communications, in 2022-23 we added ESG 
seminars that draw on the expertise of external 
consultants and business partners to share their 
views. These addressed recent and forwardlooking sustainability trends, courses of action for 
combating climate change, emissions-reduction 
targets, and the general criteria for setting ScienceBased Targets ("SBTs"). 

Learnings from these sessions expand staff 
knowledge and engagement, help us communicate 
accurately with stakeholders, and promote ESG 
integrate across functions. 

Performance Standards 

Our underwriting and investment portfolios 
undergo screening to limit exposure to companies, 
sectors and risk factors that conflict with our 
sustainability goals.

munitions are core tenets of a business or asset. 
Operations that may involve exposure to human 
rights abuses or environmental degradation are 
also of high concern and are actively excluded 
whenever such issues are confirmed.

ESG screening

Our exclusions correspond to the eight Performance 
Standards ("PS") set out by the IFC, which establish 
clear and forward-looking methods of identifying 
and assessing ESG impacts, risks or opportunities. 

A number of international conventions and 
instruments, including the International Labour 
Organization ("ILO") and the United Nations ("UN"), 
have been influential in guiding the development of 
these standards. 

We review each underwriting and investment 
opportunity for exposure thresholds and exclude 
those where gambling, tobacco products or 

Starting in 2023, we further enhanced exclusions 
to better adjust for ESG risk in our underwriting 
processes. Business transacted must comply with 
not only legal and regulatory requirements but also 
with high ethical and moral standards that respect 
human rights, and are supportive of sustainable 
and environment-friendly development. 

Specifically, we enacted exclusions in our 
facultative reinsurance businesses (typically oneoff single-risk reinsurance solutions) to cover new 
construction projects of coal-based power plants 
or coal mines. Guidelines also restrict underwriting 
for new business directly involved in the exploration, 
drilling or production of oil and gas from the Arctic 

Peak Re ESG Disclosure Report 2023

Basin as well as for projects involving fossil fuel 
extraction from oil or tar sands. Exceptions to 
this policy are only allowed where the risk relates 
to companies that are Paris-Agreement aligned 
with credible transition plans, or where social 

needs for power generation are significant, such 
as for projects in developing countries with low 
electrification rates. Our Chief Underwriting Officer 
holds the final decision on guideline exceptions.

Our performance standards

We review each investment and underwriting business 
for expoure thresholds in relation to the IFC Performance 
Standards, which consist if the following:

PS1
Assessment and 
management of 
environmental and 
social risks and 
impacts

PS5
Land acquisition 
and involuntary 
resettlement

PS2
Labour and 
working 
conditions

PS3
Resource 
efficiency and 
pollution 
prevention

PS4
Community 
health, safety 
and security

PS6
Biodiversity 
conservation and 
sustainable 
management of 
living natural 
resources

PS7
Indigenous peoples

PS8
Cultural heritage

Guidelines for screening and tracking of S&E exclusions

EXCLUSION LIST 
(Investment and reinsurance contract exposure)

INDICATED PERFORMANCE STANDARDS

llegal production or trading 

PS1

Weapons and munitions 

Alcoholic beverages 

Tobacco 

Gambling and casinos 

Radioactive materials 

Asbestos ﬁbers 

Drift net ﬁshing 

PS4

PS4

PS4

PS4

PS3

PS4

PS6

PS3

PS4

PS6

Human rights, forced or child labour 

PS2

Forestry and logging 

PS5 PS6

PS7 PS8

Peak Re ESG Disclosure Report 2023

Diversity and inclusion

Diversity and inclusion at Peak Re form a significant source of corporate strength 
by bringing diverse and innovative ideas and strengthening decision-making. As of 
year-end 2023, our staff of over 130 employees represented 18 nationalities. We also 
take pride in the fact that 45% of our leadership roles are held by women. Our code 
of conduct prohibits discrimination on any grounds and we follow anti-discrimination 
ordinances in the different jurisdictions where we operate. As part of our ESG strategy 
review we expect to bring in more ideas to deepen our diversity and inclusion initiatives 
and policies, especially in the areas of recruitment and employee development.

Diversity and inclusion: our people

130+ Employees

45%

Women in 
functional 
leadership

Nationalities

Languages

42% of new hires 

are women

55% of promoted 

employed in 
2023 were 
women

Engagements

We actively engage with governments, regulatory bodies, academia, research 
institutions and other stakeholders on the development of sustainable investment and 
insurance policies.

 ■ In February 2024, Peak Re joined the HKFI's Climate Charter as one of its 33 inaugural 
members, committing to align with the Hong Kong's Climate Action Plan 2050 and a 
commitment to publishing scope 1 and 2 interim targets by 2026. In parallel, we have 
continued to make progress on integrating sustainability in our operations, which was 
recognised by the WELL Certification Gold in 2024.

 ■ In September 2024, Peak Re hosted its inaugural forum on the topic of 

“Sustainability in a Changing World”, where we invited in-house and industry 
experts to discuss strategies on closing the protection gaps in Asia, as well as 
sharing the cutting-edge research on climate risk.

Peak Re ESG Disclosure Report 2023

 ■ The views of Peak Re’s natural catastrophe modelling team are also regularly 

sought at regional events and media engagements. These included the Artemis ILS 
Asia 2024 conference, the Bloomberg Insurance Forum 2024, Bloomberg interview 
on the “once-in-500-years” Hong Kong black rainstorm in 2023, and discussions on 
”Future-proofing the catastrophe models” at Singapore Actuarial Conference 2023.

 ■ In 2024, Peak Re was a part of the Fosun ESG Ambassadors program, designed 
to share ideas and learn about the ESG innovations and progress within the 
Fosun group of companies, as well as learn about the latest ESG and sustainable 
finance advances from external experts.

 ■ Peak Re is represented at the HKFI, including the Task-force on Green Insurance, 

which looks to advance sustainable insurance initiatives in Hong Kong and 
the Greater Bay Area. Peak Re is also represented at Hong Kong’s Green and 
Sustainable Finance Cross-Agency Steering Group (“CASG”), whose aim is to 
create a comprehensive green finance ecosystem in Hong Kong.

 ■ In addition, since 2015, Peak Re has an ongoing collaboration with the Shanghai 
Typhoon Institute ("STI") and Shanghai Central Meteorological Observatory 
("SCMO") to provide storm predictions in the Northwest Pacific Basin and the 
South China Sea to insurers.

Peak Re ESG Disclosure Report 2023

ESG Strategy 
& Initiatives

Build Resilience with Reinsurance 
Products and Programmes

ESG Strategy 
& Initiatives

ESG Strategy Overview 

Our founding mission to modernise reinsurance while 
supporting the needs of the emerging middle-classes informs 
our strategy and aligns with the commitment to sustainable 
insurance. Examples of our commitment to creating positive 
impact through our business include our participation in 
reinsuring renewable energy across the globe, microinsurance 
schemes in Southeast Asia, crop insurance in Asia, disaster 
relief and natural peril pools and inclusive health insurance 
policies and public–private partnership ("PPP") schemes. We 
aim to ramp up the integration of ESG into our business along 
with developing appropriate targets and metrics that are 
aligned with international best practices. 

In February 2024, Peak Re joined the Hong Kong Insurance 
Industry Climate Charter ("Climate Charter") as one of its 33 
inaugural members, committing to align with the Hong Kong's 
Climate Action Plan 2050 and a commitment to publishing 
scope 1 and 2 interim targets by 2026. In parallel, we have 
continued to make progress on integrating sustainability in our 
operations, which was recognised by the WELLs gold standard 
certification in 2024.

Materiality assessment

Approach to materiality assessment

Long list of ESG factors
Included industry speciﬁc considerations, current and 
emerging ESG topics and peer practices

Stakeholder engagement
Included interviews and online employee surveys, with 
special considerations for teams engaging with clients 
and regulators to assess the external stakeholder view

Final assessment
Risk and ﬁnance functions were engaged to rank the 
impact and likelihood of each topic

In 2023-24, we conducted a double-materiality assessment 
to inform the development of our ESG initiatives and workplan 
for the coming years. We expect to continue refining our 
materiality approach and assessment in the coming years.

Consolidate and validate
The shortlisted topics were discussed with leadership 
to ensure alignment of strategic considerations

Top 5 material topics in terms of impact to and from Peak Re’s activities

Decarbonisation

Increase in 
climate-related 
physical risk

Ageing
population

ESG risks and
opportunities
oversight

Economic development
and ‘Just transition’ in
emerging markets

Peak Re ESG Disclosure Report 2023

Through the double-materiality analysis, we identified five key material topics for Peak Re:

1 Increase in climate-related 

physical risk: The increasing 
likelihood and severity of physical 
impacts from climate change, such as 
extreme weather events like hurricanes 
and tropical cyclones, as well as 
secondary perils like flooding, have 
been identified as material ESG topics 
for Peak Re. These are key exposures for 
property and casualty ("P&C") insurers 
and reinsurers. In 2023, global insured 
losses from natural catastrophes 
reached USD 118 billion, surpassing 
the 21st-century average of USD 90 
billion and the decadal mean of USD 
110 billion.2 This marked the seventh 
consecutive year of higher-thanaverage losses. This trend is crucial to 
the industry’s financial health and the 
future insurability of extreme climate 
risks. However, climate risk also presents 
an opportunity to support our cedants 
through our capacity, expertise in 
natural catastrophe risk underwriting, 
and innovative products that can 
aid in climate change mitigation and 
adaptation.

Global insured
losses from
natural
catastrophes
(USD billion)

21st century
average

61

153

125

118

2014

2016

2018

2020

2022

Source: Climate and Catastrophe Insight, Aon plc, 2024

2 Decarbonisation: The shift from 

carbon-intensive fossil fuels 

to cleaner energy sources is driving 
significant technological changes 
and reshaping economies. For P&C 
insurance and reinsurance, this 
transition towards net-zero emissions 
will likely impact risk assessment, 
product offerings, and underwriting 
practices. This includes evaluating new 
technologies and the sustainability of 
existing practices in carbon-intensive 
sectors like construction, mining, 
and utilities. Peak Re is committed to 
supporting the global energy transition 
in collaboration with our clients and 
business partners.

In 2023, Peak Re updated its 
environmental and social screening 
guidelines to exclude direct and 
facultative reinsurance for new 
construction of coal mining or thermal 
coal power plants as well as oil 
drilling and extraction from the Arctic 
Basin or oil/tar sands. Peak Re is also 
undergoing an assessment of our 
scope 1 and 2 emissions and looking at 

2 "Climate and Catastrophe Insight", Aon plc, 2024

approaches to continue reducing the 
carbon footprint of our operations.

3 Ageing population: The ageing 

demographic presents both risks 

and opportunities for insurers and 
reinsurers. Many existing products do 
not adequately meet the needs of 
the elderly due to underwriting and 
profitability challenges. Providing 
reinsurance support for innovative 
products tailored to the elderly, such 
as old-age care solutions, healthcare 
solutions, and annuity covers, will 
be key to addressing this challenge. 
Recognising the importance of this 
issue, Peak Re recently conducted a 
large-scale consumer survey in 2024 
on the needs for old-age care among 
emerging Asian middle class.

4 ESG risks and opportunities 

oversight: With increasing 
emphasis on ESG from investors, 
regulators and other stakeholders, 
adopting robust processes to identify, 
assess and manage ESG risks and 

opportunities has become a critical 
focus. Effective ESG oversight is essential 
for maintaining transparency around 
sustainability practices and enhancing 
Peak Re’s reputation with cedants, 
investors and the broader public in 
alignment with our corporate mission.

5 Economic development and 

‘Just transition’ in emerging 

markets: Peak Re’s vision of closing 
protection gaps for the emerging 
middle class is closely tied to 
supporting economic development 
in emerging markets. As a reinsurer, 
we help economies recover from 
shocks such as natural catastrophes, 
contributing to a more equitable and 
resilient economic future through our 
global risk expertise, partnerships, and 
investment capabilities. The principle 
of a ‘Just transition’ is embedded 
within this goal, as we support the 
energy transition in emerging markets 
through cedant engagement and new 
reinsurance opportunities in the energy 
transition space. 

Peak Re ESG Disclosure Report 2023

Our business also supports the United 
Nations ("UN") sustainable development 
goals (SDGs) through our participation 
in products such as inclusive health 
and life insurance initiatives, agriculture 
insurance, infrastructure protection, 
compensation for business interruption/
job losses, microinsurance, among 
others. We look to further formalise our 
support for sustainable development 
by improving the alignment of business 
incentives with these goals.

Beyond these, other topics such as 
nature-based solutions, climate 

adaptation, and transition financing have 
recently gained attention, including at 
industry forums and the United Nations 
Environment Programme Finance 
Initiative ("UNEP FI"). While these topics 
were not reflected in our materiality 
assessment, we regularly engage in 
discussions on them, staying aware of 
emerging risks, opportunities, and ESG 
developments. Other material topics, 
such as data privacy, anti-bribery, and 
anti-money laundering, are crucial to 
governance and are well-integrated 
and monitored within Peak Re’s existing 
policies and oversight mechanisms.

Responsible insurance

Peak Re is committed to driving 
positive change for both business and 
society. We collaborate with insurance 
companies, governments, and nongovernmental organisations to explore 
and support innovative and inclusive 
products. Our entrepreneurial and 
collaborative approach addresses 
protection needs for sustainable 
development across an emerging Asia 
and beyond.

Concept of sustainable insurance

Reduce risk

Improve business 
performance

Develop innovative 
solutions

Contribute to 
environmental, social & 
economic sustainability

Examples of Peak Re’s efforts to support sustainability and address the needs of vulnerable groups:

Agricultural insurance
To safeguard farmer incomes 
from the strains such as 
from extreme weather, price 
volatility, production risks 
(such as diseases or pests) 
and natural disasters, Peak 
Re works with large-scale 
agriculture schemes in India 
and Thailand to support 
insurance protection for 
farmer incomes. These 
schemes provide extensive 
cover against crop failure 
while reducing the premium 
burden on farmers.

Hospice care
Providing support to 
terminally ill patients towards 

the end of their lives with 
principles of dignity, respect 
and meeting their wishes, 
Peak Re supports hospice 
care insurance in China. The 
coverage provides patients 
with holistic physical, 
psychological, spiritual and 
other aspects of humanistic 
care, while also supporting 
their family/carers by 
reducing their financial 
burden.

Hypertensive severe 
complications insurance
In another example of 
inclusion, Peak Re supports 
an insurance product for 
those with pre-existing 

hypertensive conditions. 
The product covers 
medical treatments and 
death benefit for specific 
complications that could 
arise from hypertension, such 
as strokes, severe retinal 
disease and renal failure. 

Worker’s salary bond
Peak Re supports worker’s 
salary bond to protect 
construction workers in 
China, from non-payment or 
delayed salary payments by 
contracting companies. This 
helps them receive salary 
payments on time, thus 
supporting their families and 
the wider community. 

Microinsurance
We support the natural 
catastrophe protection 
program of the Center 
for Agriculture and Rural 
Development ("CARD") Pioneer microinsurance in the 
Philippines. The collaboration 
provides microinsurance to 
socially and economically 
challenged families at 
affordable prices and brings 
coverage to families with 
limited access to insurance.

Peak Re ESG Disclosure Report 2023

Our Sustainability Commitments 

Since its establishment, Peak Re has aligned its growth with the founding principle 
of supporting sustainable economic development. As a reinsurance provider, we 
are committed to enhancing societal resilience in emerging markets and protecting 
communities from the impacts of climate change.

UN principles of sustainable insurance: 

Developed by the UN Environment Programme Finance Initiative ("UNEP FI"), Peak Re 
was among the early signatories of the Principles for Sustainable Insurance ("PSI"), 
at its launch in 2012. The principles serve as a global framework for the insurance 
industry to address ESG risks and opportunities. 

The UNEP FI promotes the concept of sustainable insurance, aiming to reduce risk, 
develop innovative solutions, improve business performance, and contribute to 
environmental, social and 
economic sustainability. 
Through our regular 
engagement with the UNEP 
FI, we stay informed about 
key focus areas and emerging 
topics in the insurance sector. 

As a signatory, we are 
committed to embedding ESG 
factors across our business 
and collaborating with partners, regulators, and stakeholders to raise awareness 
of sustainability issues. Peak Re demonstrates transparency and accountability, 
fundamental to our PSI membership, through annual ESG disclosure reports. 

Hong Kong Insurance Industry Climate Charter 

Peak Re was one of the 33 inaugural signatories of the Hong Kong Insurance Industry 
Climate Charter ("Climate Charter") developed by the Hong Kong Federation of 
Insurers ("HKFI"), launched in February 2024. The Charter demonstrates the Hong Kong 
insurance industry’s collective commitment to building a sustainable future. 

As part of this commitment, signatories pledged to align with the Hong Kong 
Climate Action Plan 2050 and the Paris Agreement goals. This involves integrating 
sustainability into business operations, investments, underwriting, and product 
design. Signatories will support this by setting emissions targets and measuring and 
reporting progress towards these climate goals.

Peak Re is a signatory to 
the Hong Kong Insurance 
Industry Climate Charter

Peak Re ESG Disclosure Report 2023

In addition, Peak Re representatives are also a part of the HKFI Task-force on Green 
Insurance and the Green and Sustainable Finance Cross-Agency Steering Group 
("CASG") in Hong Kong, where they contribute to furthering the discussion on green 
initiatives for the industry.

Launch ceremony of the Hong Kong Insurance Industry Climate Charter

Peak Re's headquarters office is accredited with the WELL Certification Gold

Peak Re ESG Disclosure Report 2023

Sustainability in our operations: 

In line with these commitments, in 2024, we began identifying and scoping key 
categories of operational emissions for Peak Re’s Hong Kong headquarters, where 
most of our global operations are based. Our initial assessment highlights the 
importance of the steps we have taken throughout our growth journey to improve 
energy efficiency and foster a culture of sustainability within the company. This 
includes our focus on energy savings and recycling.

These principles were reinforced in November 2022 when we relocated our 
Hong Kong headquarters to the West Kowloon Cultural District Authority ("WKCDA") 
Tower, an energy-efficient complex embodying sustainable development principles. 
The BEAM Plus Gold certified building achieves significant energy optimisation, with 
reduced lighting consumption, deployment of motion and presence sensors for 
lighting controls, and temperature sensors that adjust to environmental conditions 
based on occupancy and natural light levels.

For the year 2023, the scope 1 (direct) operational emissions for Peak Re’s Hong Kong 
office were negligible, as we do not own any building/stationary combustion sources 
or company cars. Scope 2 (indirect) operational emissions from purchased electricity 
are estimated at 0.81 tonnes CO2e/FTE, with average electricity consumption of 
2074 KWh/FTE. Adjusted for square footage, our new office provides about 15% 
greater energy efficiency in our operations.

As a services company serving global clients, a considerable part of our 
operational carbon footprint comes from corporate travel. For 2023, our employee 
flight mileage was estimated at 8375 miles/ employee with an emissions intensity 
estimate of 1.35 tonnes CO2e/employee. While in-person meetings are important 
to our growing global business, we continue to encourage staff to use digital 
communications whenever possible. 

LEED and WELL certifications

Another example of our commitment to sustainability is the 
certification of Peak Re’s Hong Kong headquarters with the 
Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design ("LEED") Gold 
standard. This award is based on an assessment of various 
factors, including building materials, workstations, air quality, 
lighting, noise levels, use of indoor plants, accessibility to public 
transport and local food options, and the provision of healthy 
snack options for employees.

In February 2024, Peak Re headquarters also received the WELL 
Certification Gold, highlighting our investment in employees’ 
health and wellbeing, as well as 
in sustainable office design and 
operations. The assessment graded 
Peak Re offices on air quality, water 
safety, healthy materials, thermal 
and acoustic comfort, cognitive 
wellbeing, burnout mitigation, 
daily movement encouragement, 
and addressing the diverse needs 
of the workforce. Meeting these 
high standards should help attract 
talent that can support our mission 
of closing protection gaps for the 
emerging middle class.

Peak Re ESG Disclosure Report 2023

Adapting to 
Climate Change

Adapt and Innovate for 
a Robust Future

Adapting to 
Climate Change

Responding to Climate Change 

2023 marked the seventh consecutive year of 
global insured catastrophe losses exceeding USD 
100 billion. It was also the warmest year on record, 
with temperatures 1.45°C above the pre-industrial 
period, and 2024 is likely to be even warmer.3 In 
the first half of 2024, insured losses have reached 
at least USD 51bn.4

Asia’s natural catastrophe protection gap remains 
significant, estimated at USD 139 billion per annum 
by the Global Federation of Insurance Association 
("GFIA"),5 and it is widening. Rapid economic 
growth, urbanisation, and the concentration of 
assets in coastal regions are some drivers of this 
widening gap, along with the rising frequency and 
severity of extreme weather events.

Peak Re is committed to developing innovative 
solutions to close protection gaps in emerging 
markets in Asia and beyond. We exemplified this 
commitment by raising Asia’s first sidecar and 
Hong Kong’s first 144A catastrophe bond, bringing 
greater reinsurance capacity to the region. 
Through our expertise in natural catastrophe risk, 
modeling capabilities, efficient claims handling, 

and strong relationships, we aim to play a pivotal 
role in helping emerging markets better manage 
and recover from climate-related risks.

Effect of climate-related risks

Physical risk 

Physical risks refer to the impact on our business 
from the physical consequences of climate 
change, such as the increasing frequency of 
extreme weather events like hurricanes and 
floods (i.e., “acute physical risks”) and longterm environmental changes like rising global 
temperatures and sea levels (i.e., “chronic 
physical risks”).

These risks are financially significant to Peak Re, 
particularly in our P&C business lines. We maintain 
strict underwriting guidelines and stringent 
geographic and probable maximum loss (“PML”) 
requirements to keep our cumulative exposure 
to natural catastrophe risks at a manageable 
level. This also includes risk mitigation through 
diversification and securing adequate 
retrocession cover.

3 "2024 hottest on record, with August 1.51°C above pre-industrial level", Climate Action, 2024 
4 "2024 Guy Carpenter mid-year renewal insights", Guy Carpenter & Company, LLC, 2024 
5 "Global protection gaps and recommendations for bridging them", The Global Federation of Insurance Associations, 2023

Peak Re ESG Disclosure Report 2023

We regularly assess, review, and report our portfolio 
of natural catastrophe exposure to management. 
We continue to expand resources in catastrophe 
modeling and analytics to enhance our climateconditioned modeling capabilities and work with 
academia to improve our understanding of changes 
in the frequency of extreme weather events.

Advanced risk modeling and data analytics for 
climate physical risks, including our internal research 
on lower-intensity but higher-frequency secondary 
perils (such as flash floods, hail, droughts, wildfires, 
and landslides), enable thorough underwriting of 
these risks.

The impact of climate change on our life & health 
(“L&H”) business is likely limited, also considering 
the relatively short-term nature of our book. More 
research is needed on the impacts on health and 
mortality from climate change, and to what extent 
medical advances and adaptation measures are 
likely to offset these. 

Physical risks can also affect our investment portfolio, 
either from direct damage to physical assets of 
investee companies or productivity losses coming 
from business disruption due to extreme weather 
events. We continue to actively monitor our exposure 
to high-physical-risk assets. 

From a risk management perspective, we 
regularly discuss climate risks and stress-test our 
balance sheet for significant increases in climate 
change-related risks as part of our Own Risk and 
Solvency Assessment ("ORSA") exercise. ORSA is an 
annual review that tests our solvency and capital 
adequacy under both normal and severe stress 
scenarios, such as those caused by the increasing 
frequency of natural disasters, to ensure we can 
meet our reinsurance obligations.

To further the industry’s collective understanding 
of natural catastrophe risks, Peak Re regularly 
collaborates with academia, scientific groups, 
regulators and industry groups on data and research.

Since 2015, Peak Re has collaborated with the 
Shanghai Typhoon Institute ("STI") and Shanghai 
Central Meteorological Observatory ("SCMO") on 
storm tracking, providing insurers with a biannual 
update on cyclone monitoring in the Northwest 
Pacific Basin and the South China Sea, including 
wind and rainfall predictions. 

We also regularly host and participate in industry 
events to share our knowledge of catastrophe risk 
and pricing strategies with other stakeholders.

Peak Re collaborates 
with research 
institutions in China 
to forecasts seasonal 
tropical cyclone 
activities

Transition risk

Transition risks can broadly be classified into 
technology change risks, policy change risks, and 
risks from shifts in market supply and demand 
due to the global transition to a low-carbon 
future. We believe the transition risk for Peak Re’s 
business is limited. The nature of our business 
allows us to accommodate these risks through 
annual contract renewals, regular reviews of our 
underwriting assumptions, and new business 
opportunities arising from industry shifts.

For example, as the value of carbon-intensive 
assets declines, the need for related reinsurance 
coverage decreases. On the other hand, the 
rise in green sustainable assets could lead to 
increased reinsurance demand, particularly for 
renewable energy infrastructure. 

To further mitigate transition risks, we have 
refined our underwriting guidelines to exclude 
facultative exposure for new coal mining 
construction and new thermal-coal-based 
power plants, as well as unconventional fossil fuel 
extraction, such as from the Arctic Basin and oil/
tar sands.

For the L&H portfolio, transitioning away from 
fossil fuels could yield positive health impacts, 
though the consequences of new technical 
solutions for emissions mitigation (such as nuclear 
power) remain uncertain.6

6 "Climate Change: What does the future hold for health and life insurance?", The Geneva Association, 2024

Peak Re ESG Disclosure Report 2023

Transition risks to our investment portfolio 
could arise from the potential devaluation of 
investments in high carbon emission sectors 
(such as transport, utilities, and construction) or 
companies lagging in ESG action. A preliminary 
assessment of our investment portfolio using 
the MSCI ESG database shows limited exposure 
to these categories, with the caveat that data 
availability on our regional fixed-income portfolio 
was limited and subject to change. We intend to 
further work with asset managers to enhance the 
sustainability profile of our investment portfolio.

Legal and reputational risk

Legal and reputational risks that the reinsurance 
industry faces with ESG investing and underwriting 
could arise from:

 ■ Inaction or insufficient actions on the part of 

companies to support global decarbonisation 
efforts or country-based targets.

 ■ Potential miscommunication by companies 
in the efforts that they are making towards 
decarbonisation.

 ■ Quickly evolving public expectations that 
outpace delivery by the re/insurance and 
financial services industries.

 ■ Regulators delegating more climate 

responsibilities to insurers and reinsurers.

 ■ Legal or reputational risks could also arise from 
the value chain for insurance and financial 
companies. 

Today’s legal changes could incur future liabilities. 
For example, claimants might seek damages from 

various companies for harm caused by climate 
change, as seen in some cases against the oil 
and gas sector. There are also legal risks related 
to a “failure to adapt” or “failure to appropriately 
account for the impact of climate change”. In the 
financial industry, failing to take climate action 
could eventually be viewed as falling short of 
fiduciary duty.

To mitigate legal and reputational risks, we strive 
to ensure our sustainability efforts and actions are 
accurately represented and continuously improve 
our monitoring and accountability mechanisms. 
We are also assessing stakeholder sentiment 
to understand evolving expectations on ESG 
taxonomies, metrics, and methodologies.

Climate opportunities 

Climate opportunities for reinsurers could arise 
from increased demand for natural catastrophe 
protection and climate risk expertise due to 
extreme weather events. Additionally, new re/
insurance opportunities may emerge from the 
transition to low-carbon alternatives in energy, 
transportation, property, and other sectors. We 
have already observed rising market demand 
for insurance products related to renewable 
energy and electric vehicles. Carbon offset 
insurance is another potential area of interest 
for our risk solutions.

We view these as significant business 
opportunities for our clients and partners. 
However, the lack of historical data on losses 
and risks associated with new technologies may 
complicate and increase the cost of underwriting. 
Furthermore, innovative green technologies and 
their applications are still in their infancy in many 
of emerging Asia’s markets.

Examples of recent climate-related opportunities at Peak Re:

Low-carbon transition 
In conjunction with our business partners, we provide 
reinsurance support for renewable energy adoption, 
including solar, wind, and bioenergy in Asia, the US and 
Europe. In addition, we are also exploring opportunities such 
as casualty covers for solar panel contingency facilities.

and contributes to poverty reduction. This regional facility 
provides risk financing and insurance solutions through a 
partnership between the ASEAN+3 grouping (the 10 countries 
of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations as well as 
Japan, China and South Korea) and the World Bank, with an 
aim to enhance financial resilience in the region. 

Climate risks
In Southeast Asian markets, we support protection against 
natural catastrophes through our participation in the 
Southeast Asia Disaster Risk Insurance Facility ("SEADRIF"). 
Through pre-disaster planning and post-disaster relief 
and reconstruction funding, SEADRIF protects people and 
livelihoods, reinforces ongoing economic development 

Natural perils pools
We participate in several natural peril pools globally, 
which provide affordable natural peril insurance for 
homeowners in high-risk areas where protections would 
otherwise become unaffordable. These are critical, 
financially sustainable protections that help close 
protection gaps in vulnerable areas.

Peak Re ESG Disclosure Report 2023

Peak Re's participation in sustainability-related projects

 United Kingdom:
▪ Supporting 
 affordability and 
 availability of 
 ﬂood insurance

 Europe:
▪ Natural 
 perils pools

 India:
▪ Health and 
 agriculture 
insurance 

 schemes

 Thailand: 
▪ Thai rice scheme

Southeast Asia:
▪ Southeast Asia 
 Disaster Risk Insurance 
 Facility (SEADRIF)

 China:
▪ Farmer’s houses 
 and agriculture
▪ Hospice care
▪ Inclusive insurance 
for pre-existing 

 hypertensive 
 conditions

 Philippines: 
▪ CARD Pioneer 
 Microinsurance 
 Scheme

Global coverage for solar, 
bioenergy and other 
renewable industries

Catastrophe bonds

Broadening underwriting capacity is critical to our mission to close protection gaps in emerging Asia. 
To this end, in 2022, we were the first reinsurer based in Hong Kong to issue a 144A catastrophe bond 
("cat bond"), which helped to strengthen our capital base and increase our underwriting capacity. 
The USD150 million issuance attracted significant investor interest, allowing for a 100% upsize from the 
initially announced transaction size, and enabled us to enter into a multiyear retrocession agreement 
to cover typhoon risk in Japan.

This landmark deal allowed us to tap into the deeper financial market for capacity and support 
the continued growth of our underwriting portfolio, enhancing our ability to support Asia’s 
sustainable development. 

Catastrophe bonds with parametric triggers, such as the one we issued in 2022, are designed to 
release funds when specific conditions are met, such as the severity of an earthquake or windspeed 
of a typhoon. Parametric bonds are increasingly being used in disaster risk financing given they pay 
claims speedily to support reconstruction and rehabilitation efforts. A 2022 IMF paper characterised 
catastrophe bonds as among “the most prominent innovations in the field of sustainable finance in the 
last 15 years.7

7 "Sovereign Climate Debt Instruments: an Overview of the Green and Catastrophe Bond Markets", International Monetary Fund, 2022

Peak Re ESG Disclosure Report 2023

 
 
 
SDGs + CSR 

Responsible Underwriting and 
Support to Communities

Peak Re ESG Disclosure Report 2023

SDGs + CSR

Contribution to SDGs and CSR 

Peak Re’s performance standards and exclusion screens such 
as those around controversial weapons, tobacco, and pollution 
have, since its early days, aligned our business with the United 
Nations ("UN") Sustainable Development Goals (“SDG”) such as 
SDG 3: Good health and well-being. Our founding mission of 
closing the protection gaps in emerging markets is also aligned 
with SDG 8: Decent work and economic growth, and SDG 1: No 
poverty, as our business is fundamentally aligned to supporting 
post-disaster financial resilience.

In addition, our strong partnerships in the region and 

our support for inclusive policies, such as microinsurance 
schemes for women, government health and agricultural 
insurance schemes, and innovative health products that 
promote inclusion of vulnerable populations, align with SDG 
10: Reduced inequalities and SDG 17: Partnership for goals. 

As part of our ESG strategy review, we look to further 
formalise our business framework to promote our 
participation in sustainable insurance programs in the Asian 
emerging markets. We are also exploring ways to measure 
our business impact on sustainable development.

United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals

Our mission to close the protection gaps for 
the emerging middle class aligns with SDG1. 
The emerging middle class remains vulnerable 
to falling into poverty due to economic shocks 
such as job loss, illness and natural disasters.

We support good health and well-being 
by advocating for inclusive health 
insurance in emerging Asia, where many 
populations lack access to affordable 
and quality healthcare.

Through innovative ﬁnancial inclusion 
solutions, such as collaborations on 
microinsurance for women and health solutions 
for vulnerable and excluded populations, we 
aim to reduce inequalities in the availability 
and accessibility of insurance protection.

Emerging Asia is particularly vulnerable to 
the increasing severity and frequency of 
extreme weather events due to climate 
change. Protecting livelihoods and 
properties from natural catastrophes 
supports SDG 13.

Supporting economic growth 
in emerging markets is 
central to our mission. Our 
contributions to building and 
upgrading critical transport 
and utility infrastructure drive 
economic growth and 
improve living standards in 
these regions.

Peak Re ESG Disclosure Report 2023

participated in multiple events in 2023-24 aimed at 
educating and helping to integrate environmental and social 
responsibility into daily lives. Throughout the engagement, 
Peak Re and CCIL jointly organise awareness-building 
activities with an emphasis on climate solutions and making 
a positive impact across the community.

Creating a positive impact with CSR

Peak Re staff regularly engage in corporate social 
responsibility (“CSR”) activities, charity and outreach 
programmes and contribute to local communities 
through poverty alleviation projects, knowledge sharing 
and activities that help build sustainable lifestyles. We 
collaborate with local NGOs and community projects to 
amplify our impact with our time, energy and commitment.

ESG awareness partnership with CCIL: 

As part of a strategic partnership with CarbonCare Innolab 
(“CCIL”), a Hong Kong based NGO, Peak Re employees 

Organic food production

To increase awareness about locally produced organic food 
in Hong Kong, Peak Re employees and their families engaged 
in a day of organic ecofarming. After an educational session, 
employees got involved in ploughing, planting, weeding, watering 
and harvesting, as well as preparing a healthy lunch from freshly 
picked farm produce.

Solar energy tour with SEN students

In partnership with CarbonCare InnoLab ("CCIL"), Peak Re 
joined SEN students from Mary Rose School, Hong Kong, on 
an inspiring solar energy tour on 17 May 2024. In addition to 
discussing sustainable energy, the event focussed on diversity 
and inclusion. The day included experiential learning on 
renewable energy, interactive climate change games, and 
sharing with SEN students. 

Low-carbon cooking

Small changes in habits can have a large impact on the 
environment. To bring attention to the environmental impact 
of the food we consume, and how we prepare our food, an 
accredited dietician guided Peak Re employees through the 
preparation of a low-carbon, healthy and delicious meal. 

Nutritional insights for physical and mental wellbeing

In the spirit of employee well-being, combined with our “Green 
Monday” healthy vegetarian lunch initiative, Peak Re invited 
nutritional experts to share their insights on how specific 
foods, diets and nutrients can boost gastro-intestinal, immune 
system and mental health. 

Peak Re ESG Disclosure Report 2023

Local community education 

Peak Re has partnered with 
Tasse Coffee, a local Hong 
Kong community education 
project. Tasse teaches 
coffee culture and business 
skills to disadvantaged 
communities and has a focus 
on empowering women. As 
part of the initiative, Peak Re 
sponsored coffee, prepared 
by Tasse trainees, for our Hong 
Kong office. This initiative 
supports underprivileged 
workers in re-training for jobs 
and re-entering the workforce, 
ultimately supporting 
sustainable development in 
Hong Kong.

UNESCO World 
Heritage: Restoration 
and clean-up 

In partnership with the 
St. George Foundation, 
Peak Capital Bermuda 
volunteered to restore 
Bermuda's largest 
fortification, Fort St. 
Catherine – a UNESCO 
World Heritage Site. Peak 
Re volunteers worked 
to clean and repair the 
surrounding grounds with 
the goal of giving back 
to their community in a 
meaningful way.

Making changes for the environment

Blood donation drive

In the spirit of sharing how small actions can impact our energy 
consumption and carbon footprint, a Biz-Green Dress Day was 
organised in the Hong Kong office. Air conditioning was adjusted in 
our offices to save energy, and employees were encouraged to come 
to work dressed in light fabrics in smart casual clothing. In addition, 
healthy, vegetarian organic meals were provided.

Peak Re volunteers participated in a blood donation drive 
organized in collaboration with the Hong Kong Red Cross 
Blood Transfusion Service. The initiative shows our support 
for the health and well-being of the communities that we 
work in, aligning with our mission to create social impact.

Peak Re support for Yongping

A project close to Peak Re’s heart is one that addresses poverty and 
fosters sustainable development in Yongping, China. Peak Re has 
established a deep and ongoing relationship with tea farmers in an 
initiative centred on procuring, packaging and promoting exceptional 
teas for our corporate gifts.

The project meticulously sources tea from the Dapingtan Tea Garden, 
which is renowned for its organic and chemical-free farming practices. 
The selection of teas, handpicked by local farmers, is a testament to 
our responsible sourcing policy while contributing to local livelihoods. 
Our consistent purchases assist villagers with household expenses and 
children's education.

Peak Re's staff are actively engaged in this undertaking. They dedicate 
time and effort to packaging teas into specially designed gift boxes 
during annual events. Our team not only facilitates the project but also 
forges personal connections with the region, leading to a deeper sense of 
community and social responsibility.

2024 Tea packing

Peak Re ESG Disclosure Report 2023

Looking 
Ahead

Aligning with International 
Standards and Best Practices

Peak Re ESG Disclosure Report 2023

Looking Ahead

Advancing Our ESG Journey 

Peak Re continues to take proactive steps to review and 
enhance its ESG strategy, aligning with international 
standards and best practices. In 2023, we initiated a project 
to measure and benchmark our performance against 
regulatory expectations and industry standards. Additionally, 
we conducted a materiality assessment to identify the 
ESG issues impacting Peak Re and to gain insights into our 
stakeholders’ ESG expectations.

ESG strategy review 

“Excellence in ESG” is a mantra we follow as part of our 
corporate culture and strategy. We are currently reviewing 
our ESG strategy and developing a roadmap for the next 
3-5 years to advance our ESG goals and commitments. 
As part of these initiatives, we aim to refine our ESG 
governance structure, including ESG monitoring and the 
development of functional KPIs.

Regarding climate change, we continue to add resources 
to our meteorologists and analysts to enhance our climateconditioned modeling capabilities. We also seek to deepen 
ESG integration within different business lines by developing 
a framework to capitalise on the considerable opportunities 
that ESG and the global transition are likely to bring.

Emissions baselining

We have initiated an emissions baselining exercise for 
2023 at Peak Re’s Hong Kong headquarters, where most 
of our employees and operations are based. As a financial 
institution, the largest component of our emissions is likely to 
come from financed emissions via our investment portfolio 
and underwriting emissions. We have started gathering 
data on our investments using the MSCI ESG database and 
are exploring collaborations with external fund managers 
to accurately measure our investment-related emissions 

and develop suitable ESG targets for our portfolio. For 
underwriting emissions, we are in communication with the 
Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials ("PCAP") who is 
developing guidelines and standards for treaty underwriting.

Aligning on disclosures 

We are closely following regulatory developments across 
the jurisdictions in which we operate and the changes in 
disclosure standards. This includes the introduction of the 
IFRS Sustainability Disclosure Standards (IFRS S1 General 
Requirements for Disclosure of Sustainability-related Financial 
Information and IFRS S2 Climate-related Disclosures) by the 
International Sustainability Standards Board ("ISSB") in 2023. 
Hong Kong is one of the jurisdictions that has adopted the 
IFRS S2 standards into its ESG disclosure requirements. We 
have conducted a gap analysis for Peak Re to align with these 
standards and are discussing ways to narrow these gaps in 
preparation for future adoption.

A sustainable future

With the growing importance of ESG to our business and 
stakeholders, we aim to continually monitor our progress 
on ESG strategy and implementation, enhance our 
data, research, and risk management on ESG risks and 
opportunities, reduce our carbon footprint, and support our 
clients in climate risk mitigation and adaptation, as well as 
their progress on the global United Nations ("UN") Sustainable 
Development Goals (“SDG”).

Peak Re remains committed to developing innovative 
reinsurance and risk management solutions that support 
the global low-carbon transition while advancing social 
development goals and economic growth in emerging 
markets. We look forward to working with our partners and 
stakeholders to support sustainable insurance for the future.

IDENTIFY
and resolve gaps 
between 
communicated 
and actual ESG 
practices

BUILD
capacity and 
training to improve 
capability to meet 
ESG challenges

EXPAND
data collection to 
better inform 
decision-making

UPDATE
risk analytic to 
identify, analyse 
and manage ESG 
risks

ELEVATE
ESG policies to 
embed ESG into 
respective 
functions

INTEGRATE
wider business 
strategies with 
ESG-related 
opportunities

Peak Re ESG Disclosure Report 2023

Disclaimer

Peak Re provides the information contained in this document for general information purposes only. No representation or guarantee 
is made as to the accuracy, completeness, reasonableness or suitability of this information or any other linked information presented, 
referenced or implied. All critical information should be independently verified and Peak Re accepts no responsibility or liability for any 
loss arising or which may arise from reliance on the information provided.

All information and/or data contained in this document is provided as of the date of this document and is subject to change without 
notice. Neither Peak Re nor any of its affiliates accepts any responsibility or liability for any loss caused or occasioned to any person 
acting or refraining from acting on the basis of any statement, fact, text, graphic, figure or expression of belief contained in this 
document or communication.

All rights reserved. The information contained in this document is for your information only and no part of this document may be 
reproduced, stored or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without 
the prior written permission of Peak Re. Any other information relating to this document, whether verbal, written or in any other form, 
given by Peak Re either before or after your receipt of this document shall be provided on the same basis as set out in this disclaimer.

This document is not intended to constitute advice or recommendation, and should not be relied upon or treated as a substitute for 
advice or recommendation appropriate to any particular circumstances.

© 2024 Peak Reinsurance Company Limited.

Peak Reinsurance Company Limited

15/F, WKCDA Tower, 
No. 8 Austin Road West, 
West Kowloon Cultural District, 
Kowloon, Hong Kong

T: +852 3509 6666 
E: info@peak-re.com 

Peak Reinsurance AG

Fortunagasse 28, 3rd Floor,
8001 Zurich, 
Switzerland

T: +41 (0) 43819 20 60 

 www.peak-re.com

 Peak-Re