FOUNDATION 
FOR THE FUTURE 

2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report

FORWARD-LOOKING 
STATEMENTS

This report contains certain statements that may be deemed “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. All statements, other than statements of historical 
fact, that address activities, events or developments that we or our management intends, expects, projects, believes or anticipates will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements. We use words such as aim, 
anticipate, believe, commit, drive, estimate, ensure, expect, goal, intend, may, mission, plan, project, seek, strategy, strive, target, will and would or similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. In particular, 
such statements may include but are not limited to: (1) statements which may relate to our purpose, ambitions, aims, commitments, targets, plans, and objectives, and sustainability goal progress; (2) environmental, 
health, and safety (EHS) data as it relates to the environment, safety performance, management systems, implementation, and regulatory compliance, including data collection systems at applicable sites that track 
and collect EHS data through the corporate-wide EHS reporting systems; (3) social data as it relates to employee metrics, social practices and community engagement programs derived from our various databases; 
(4) responsible sourcing of materials and the related responsible sourcing systems and data; and (5) statements about actions of suppliers and partners or our work with them. Such statements are based upon certain 
assumptions and assessments made by our management in light of their experience and their perception of historical trends, current economic and industry conditions, expected future developments and other factors 
they believe to be appropriate. The forward-looking statements included in this report are also subject to a number of material risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially.

Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, economic, competitive, governmental, technological, geopolitical and public health factors affecting our operations, markets, products, services and prices, 
assumptions not being realized, scientific or technological developments, evolving sustainability strategies, changes in carbon markets, evolving government regulations, our expansion into new products, services, 
technologies, and geographic regions, or other changes in circumstances, as well as those factors set forth in the “Risk Factors” section of our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on 
Form 10-Q filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results, and other developments, and business decisions may 
differ from those envisaged by such forward-looking statements. The information and opinions contained in this report are provided as of the date of this report and are subject to change without notice. We undertake no 
obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this report as a result of new information or future events or developments.

This report represents our current policy and intent and is not intended to create legal rights or obligations. The standards of measurement and performance contained in this report are developing and based on 
assumptions, and no assurance can be given that any plan, initiative, projection, goal, commitment, expectation, or prospect set forth in this report can or will be achieved. This report may contain or incorporate by 
reference public information not separately reviewed, approved, or endorsed by us, and we make no representation, warranty, or undertaking as to the accuracy, reasonableness, or completeness of such information. 
This report contains examples of savings and results achieved by us, our customers and our partners that may or may not be representative of what other companies could achieve in similar circumstances. Inclusion of 
information in this report is not an indication that the subject or information is material to our business or operating results. “Material” for the purposes of this report should not be read as equating to any use of the word in 
our other reporting or filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. No part of this report or our website constitutes, or shall be taken to constitute, an invitation or inducement to invest in us or any other entity 
and shall not be relied upon in any way in connection with any investment decisions.

Honeywell | Forward-Looking Statements | 2

Letter from our CEO

EMPOWERING PROGRESS 
FOR A BETTER FUTURE 

Honeywell’s deep roots in solving the world’s most 
difficult environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
challenges stem from our team’s strong foundation 
as an industrial technology innovator and leader. 
But it’s not just about what we’ve done with our 
innovation. It’s about what we are doing now and 
what we will do next. 

A BETTER FUTURE FOR THE PLANET 
Environmental sustainability remains a top priority, 
both in the solutions we provide to our customers 
and in our own operations. Honeywell is ready 
now to equip our customers with the innovative 
tools to fight the effects of climate change and 
become more sustainable. By continuing to 
spend approximately 60% of our research and 
development funding on ESG-oriented solutions1, 
we’re introducing cutting-edge offerings for a 
vast number of global markets and industries and 
helping solve some of the world’s most complex 
challenges. Our innovative technologies – including 
renewable fuels, Solstice hydrofluoroolefin (HFO) 
with lower GHG emission for cooling applications, 
and Forge software solutions to reduce energy 
consumption in commercial buildings – are 
just a few premier examples of our significant 
contributions to environmental sustainability. 

Simultaneously, we’re working diligently to ensure 
we operate more sustainably and achieve carbon 

neutrality in our operations and facilities by 2035. 
In 2022, we executed 240 projects that will address 
nearly 20% of our 2021 carbon footprint. We know 
that sustainability starts with us, and we’re dedicated 
to leading the way to carbon neutral. 

A BETTER FUTURE FOR OUR PEOPLE 
Our leadership in ESG is only possible because of 
our team of Futureshapers, who show up every day 
focused on serving our customers and shareholders 
in their sustainability journeys. We remain deeply 
committed to talent development and succession 
planning to grow the next generation for our 
company and beyond. 

Our caliber of leadership and innovation requires 
diverse perspectives, and Inclusion and Diversity is 
essential to our success. In 2022, we continued to 
make steady progress in representation, retention 
and recognition to continue forging new paths in 
this foundational principle. 

Furthermore, Honeywell takes its role as a global 
corporate citizen very seriously. We leverage our 
resources and expertise to positively impact 
the communities where we work and live. Our 
corporate social responsibility pillars focus on 
STEM education, sustainability and empowering 
our employees to make an impact across the globe 
through meaningful projects. 

 A BETTER FUTURE FOR BUSINESS 
Honeywell is committed to doing business the 
right way, guided by our Code of Business Conduct. 
Integrity and ethics are the cornerstones of how 
we operate our company. We have high standards, 
and we’re proud of our Futureshapers who uphold 
them in every decision, every day. We will never 
lower our high standards on integrity and ethics. 
Our senior leadership team works in tandem with 
the Honeywell Board of Directors – who welcomed 
two new members in 2022 – enabling our company 
to maintain responsible reporting and operating 
practices. 

As we all navigate the dynamic landscape of global 
challenges, Honeywell remains committed to 
building on our legacy of leadership in ESG. 

We hope you’ll enjoy this report commemorating 
our ESG accomplishments over the last year. The 
future is what we make it – and there is so much 
more to come. 

VIMAL KAPUR 
Chief Executive Officer

1 Methodology for identifying ESG-oriented solutions 
is available at investor.honeywell.com (see “ESG/ESG 
Information/Identification of ESG-Oriented Offerings).

Honeywell | Letter from CEO Vimal Kapur | 3

 
 
 
 
 
 
Letter from our Lead Director

ENDORSING PROGRESS 
FOR A BETTER FUTURE 

In 2022, the global macroeconomic environment continued to present opportunities to demonstrate Honeywell’s resilience and rigorous operating system 
to maintain stellar results. Similarly, the company added another year of ESG leadership to its legacy. 

I’m honored to serve as Honeywell’s Lead Director and continue to enjoy my time interacting with shareowners and facilitating an open dialogue. The Board 
of Directors is responsible for overseeing and guiding Honeywell’s management team to ensure it operates in the best long-term interests of its shareholders. 
We have a responsibility to actively consider and understand the perspectives of our shareholders and foster the core values that help make Honeywell a 
globally renowned company. 

The Corporate Governance and Responsibility Committee (CGRC) of the Board plays a key role in overseeing and providing guidance as Honeywell addresses 
the dynamic ESG challenges of our world. The CGRC also focuses on ensuring that Board members exhibit the necessary leadership qualities, independence 
and diverse range of backgrounds and perspectives to effectively support Honeywell’s long-term strategic vision and support a culture of high performance. 

I trust that our 2023 Honeywell ESG Report will provide you with valuable insights into how our company is addressing the most significant business and 
ESG issues of our time. This moment in history presents remarkable challenges and opportunities. I speak for the entire Board when I say we are optimistic 
about Honeywell’s progress and continued leadership. This company is making the world a better place today and in the future, and I’m proud to watch what 
we continue to do for generations to come. 

D. SCOTT DAVIS 
Lead Director

Honeywell | Letter from Lead Director D. Scott Davis | 4

 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 

HONEYWELL OVERVIEW

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

HONEYWELL ENVIRONMENTAL 
SUSTAINABILITY INDEX EXPANDS 
SUSTAINABILITY LEADERSHIP

HEALTH, SAFETY AND THE 
ENVIRONMENT

GOING THE DISTANCE WITH 
HEALTH AND SAFETY

THE ENVIRONMENT: PROTECTING 
FUTURE GENERATIONS, NOW

REVITALIZATION FOR A BETTER FUTURE: 
ENVIRONMENTAL REMEDIATION

FEATURE STORY: HONEYWELL’S JESSICA 
TELANO DEFINES ‘GREEN REMEDIATION’

PRODUCT STEWARDSHIP

10

25

27

35

50

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

INTEGRITY AND COMPLIANCE

FEATURE STORY: INTEGRITY AND 
COMPLIANCE THERE ARE NO 
SHORTCUTS

DATA PROTECTION AND CYBERSECURITY

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

MAINTAINING EXPERTISE IN SUPPLY 
CHAIN MANAGEMENT

A FIRM FOUNDATION OF PRODUCT 
SAFETY AND INTEGRITY

CHARTING A PATH FORWARD WITH 
POLITICAL ACCOUNTABILITY

SASB/TCFD INFORMATION

ESG DATA

OUR FUTURESHAPERS

ATTRACTING THE BEST TALENT

DEVELOPING SKILLS AND 
GROWING CAREERS

ENGAGING OUR FUTURESHAPERS

INCLUSION AND DIVERSITY: 
A FOUNDATIONAL PRINCIPLE

FEATURE STORY: SANDRA BARBOSA, 
CHIEF INCLUSION & DIVERSITY OFFICER 
AT HONEYWELL

I&D IN ACTION

FEATURE STORY: HOW TO FORGE YOUR 
OWN CAREER PATH: WOMEN SHARE 
THEIR EXPERIENCES

HONEYWELL EMPLOYEE NETWORKS

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

SHAPING THE NEXT GENERATION 
OF INNOVATORS

SUSTAINABILITY TAKES ROOT

VOLUNTEERING FOR THE 
GREATER GOOD

FUTURESHAPERS MAKING AN IMPACT

FEATURE STORY: BRIDGING THE DIGITAL 
DIVIDE GAP, ONE LAPTOP AT A TIME

56

59

62

65

73

76

78

81

84

93

99

105

Honeywell | Table of Contents | 5

HoHOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

NASDAQ: HON | ~717 locations | ~97,000 employees 
Charlotte, NC headquarters | Fortune 500 | 2022 Revenue: ~$35 B

SHAPING THE FUTURE ACROSS INDUSTRIES

AEROSPACE

Our products are used on virtually every 
commercial and defense aircraft platform 
worldwide and include aircraft propulsion, 
cockpit systems, satellite communications 
and auxiliary power systems.

HONEYWELL BUILDING 
TECHNOLOGIES

Commercial building owners and 
operators use our hardware, software and 
analytics to help create safe, efficient and 
productive facilities. Our solutions and 
services are used in more than 10 million 
buildings worldwide.

PERFORMANCE MATERIALS & 
TECHNOLOGIES

We provide performance chemicals and 
materials, process technologies and 
automation controls. By supporting 
the global transition toward renewable 
energy and low-carbon economy, we’re 
accelerating a more sustainable future to 
help change the world.

SAFETY & PRODUCTIVITY SOLUTIONS

We develop and deploy an innovative 
range of solutions, software and services 
that help keep people healthy, workers and 
workplaces safer and more productive, and 
supply chains and assets more efficient, 
accurate and reliable.

HONEYWELL CONNECTED ENTERPRISE 

Across our segments, we empower those who make, move and operate the world’s critical resources to grow responsibly . HCE develops software that securely unites OT and IT data to make better 
decisions and improve operational performance. Our flagship suite of applications, Honeywell Forge, unites real-time data across assets, people and processes to drive intelligent operations 
growth, productivity and risk mitigation .

Honeywell | Honeywell Overview | 6

 
HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

HONEYWELL BEHAVIORS 
AND FOUNDATIONAL PRINCIPLES 

Drive Accountability Culture 

Be Courageous 

Build Exceptional Talent 

Win Together 

Have fearless accountability for 
getting results. Take ownership and 
solve problems proactively. Care 
deeply about Honeywell and customer 
outcomes as individuals and as teams. 
Do what you say you will do. Prioritize 
and execute with discipline to drive a 
performance culture. Demonstrate a 
bias for action and speed. 

Take bold action on what you believe 
is right. Take on seemingly impossible 
goals and work out of your comfort 
zone. Iterate, test, try, take measured 
risks. Own results even when outcome 
is not as planned. Share and confront 
problems openly and directly. Be 
transparent and comfortable with 
being unpopular when required. 

Recruit, retain, and develop high 
quality talent. Create a positive, 
inclusive environment where people 
are empowered to do their best work. 
Seek, give, and accept feedback with 
the intent of making everyone better. 
Build robust succession plans. Set 
high standards for yourself and others. 
Lead by example. 

Think ONE Honeywell by 
collaborating across businesses, 
geographies and functions as we are 
stronger together. Be a champion for 
our people, products, services, and 
solutions and beat the competition. 
Be authentic, confident, and humble. 
Listen to others and be self-aware. 
Believe we can change the world 
together and create a better future for 
our communities. #Futureshaper

Innovate and Create Value for 
Customers

See the world through the customer’s 
eyes, internally and externally. Know 
what customers need and what 
creates value. Have a growth mindset 
and a relentless passion for solving 
tough problems. Deliver profitable 
growth and an exceptional customer 
experience through innovative 
solutions. Innovate with agility and 
purpose.

Embrace Transformation

Learn from and contribute to our 
collective knowledge. Embrace 
digitalization to transform the 
way we work. Radically simplify the 
complex. Use standard processes 
and systems to drive operational 
excellence. Drive decisions based 
on facts and data. Be curious and 
explore new ways of doing things to 
help share the best ideas.

FOUNDATIONAL 
PRINCIPLES

INTEGRITY AND ETHICS

We do business the right way
 or walk away.

WORKPLACE RESPECT

We treat each other fairly 
and with respect.

INCLUSION AND DIVERSITY

We value diversity of 
thought and experiences.

Honeywell | Honeywell Overview | 7

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

HONEYWELL ACCELERATOR 
OPERATING SYSTEM 

How Businesses and Functions Work at Honeywell

WHAT’S IN ACCELERATOR? 

FOUR BUSINESS MODELS

GLOBAL DESIGN MODELS

STRATEGY
Corporate, SBG, Function

BUSINESS PROCESSES 
Creating Value for our Customer

FUNCTIONAL PROCESSES
Providing Consistent + 
Predictable Outcomes

LEARNING + DEVELOPMENT
Training the Futureshaper Team

I

L
A
T
I
G
D
L
L
E
W
Y
E
N
O
H

Projects

Products/
Channel

After-market 
Services

Software

ACCELERATOR HISTORY

MOS + Policy

Roles + 
Responsibilities

Processes

Metrics/KPIs

FUNCTIONAL PROCESSES

Customer 
Experience

Commercial 
Processes

Supply Chain

Quote-to-Cash

Connection 
to Digital

Maturity/ 
Sustainment

Innovation

Talent 
Management

Connection 
to People

Integrated 
Business 
Planning

2005-2016

2016-2022

2023+

• Focused On Supply Chain

• Enhanced, scope to improve ISC, 

• Adding end-to-end business model 

commercial processes 

standardization 

Delivered improved productivity

• Elevated customer experience

• Extracting value from digital thread

• Invested in Digital

• M&A benefit from integration excellence

Delivered margin expansion and initial 
digital trends

Accelerating profitable growth

Honeywell | Honeywell Overview | 8

 
HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

RECOGNIZED FOR SHAPING A BETTER FUTURE
CORPORATE AWARDS 2022

Top 100 
Diversity
Officers

Association to
Advance Collegiate
Schools of Business
Security Sales,
Influential Leaders

Ethisphere 
World’s 
Most Ethical 
Companies

Fortune, World’s 
Most Admired 
Companies

Data
Breakthrough
Award

Women’s Choice
Awards, Best
Companies to Work
for Millennials

Women’s Choice
Awards, Best
Companies to
Work for Diversity

Disability:In,
Employee Resource
Group Executive
Sponsor of the Year

Labrador, U.S.
Transparency Award

iF Design 
Award

Red Dot Product
Design Award

Yello and WayUp,
Top 100 Internship
Programs

Corporate Awards 
for Excellence in 
Corporate Social 
Responsibility

Tech Ascension 
Award (PMT)

Environment + 
Energy Leader

World 
Sustainability 
Awards (Highly 
Commended)

Sustainability 
Magazine Top 
100 Women

SIA Women 
in Security 
Forum 
Power 100

National 
Safety 
Council 
awards

World of 
Safety and 
Health Asia 
Awards

Rising Brand 
of Asia

Occupational 
Health & Safety’s 
Industrial 
Hygiene Awards

U.S. Business in 
Africa Awards

Green Quadrant 
– IoT Platforms 
for Smart 
Buildings

2022 IoT Product 
of the Year from IoT 
Evolution World

Best Overall Business 
Technology Solution 
and Best Emerging 
Technology

Occupational 
Health and Safety’s 
New Product of 
the Year

DOE Secretary 
of Energy and 
Deputy Secretary 
Achievement Awards

Honeywell | Honeywell Overview | 9

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

OUR ESG 
APPROACH

At Honeywell, we are innovating to solve the world’s toughest 
ESG challenges. From our industrial roots, to becoming the 
premier software industrial, to leading in the energy transition, 
Honeywell’s ability to achieve ambitious, transformative 
objectives is rooted in our strong ESG practices.

ESG PRIORITIES ASSESSMENT
At Honeywell, we are committed to continuous evaluation and 
evolution of our ESG strategy, including identifying the ESG 
areas that are most important to our business. In 2023, we 
used a third party to conduct a comprehensive ESG Priorities 
Assessment. The purpose of this assessment was to understand 
the perspectives and expectations of both internal and external 
stakeholders. Through internal and external surveys, interviews 
and comprehensive research, we analyzed the ESG topics 
considered most relevant to Honeywell’s business by regulators, 
investors, customers, employees and other key stakeholders. 
In addition, our annual Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) 
process specifically includes ESG topics, and input from this 
process was considered in identifying priority ESG areas.

Through this engagement, research and 
analysis, we have identified priority topics that 
will continue to inform our ESG strategy:

Labor Practices & 
Human Rights

Occupational 
Health & Safety

Risk Management

Decarbonization & 
Climate Strategy

CO2

Supply Chain 
Management/ 
 Responsible Sourcing

HONEYWELL 
ESG PRIORITY 
TOPICS

Data Privacy & 
Cybersecurity

Environmental 
Impact of Products 
& Services

Business Ethics 
& Integrity

$

Human Capital 
Management

Product Quality & Safety

Honeywell | ESG Approach | 10

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

HONEYWELL 
ESG HIGHLIGHTS

2022-2023 SNAPSHOT

>60% OF 2022 SALES 
were from offerings that contribute to 
ESG-oriented outcomes1

~60% OF 2022 NEW PRODUCT 
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT 
INVESTMENT 
was directed toward ESG-oriented outcomes1

Committed to achieving CARBON NEUTRALITY by 2035

26 Honeywell locations globally certified for 
energy management efficiency with ISO 50001

Recognized as a “BEST PLACE 
TO WORK FOR DISABILITY 
INCLUSION” by Disability:IN

Offered 80+ jobs/internships 
to students through National 
Society of Black Engineers

Distributed over $7.7 
MILLION in relief assistance 
to employees since 2004

19,000 promotions, lateral 
moves, and progressions 
in 2022

33% of Board committees are chaired by a woman

45% of the Board of Directors are ethnically 
or racially diverse and 36% are women

Rated a CPA-Zicklin TRENDSETTER by the 
Center for Political Accountability

Launched the Honeywell ENVIRONMENTAL 
SUSTAINABILITY INDEX (ESI)

>90% REDUCTION in Scope 1 and Scope 
2 greenhouse gas intensity since 2004 

6,300+ sustainability projects since 2010

$50 MILLION PER YEAR for carbon 
neutrality projects

SAVED 165M gallons of water in water-stressed 
regions through 185+ projects since 2013

Validated SCIENCE-BASED TARGET with 
Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi)

1Methodology for identifying ESG-oriented solutions is available at investor.
honeywell.com (see ESG/ESG Information/Identification of ESG-Oriented Offerings)

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

Implemented digital tools and processes with 
over 1,000 data elements to enhance our 
anti-corruption program

100% of all eligible employees complete 
Code of Business Conduct training every year

Honeywell committed to 
donating 13,000 laptops valued 
at $5 MILLION

Launched ‘Plant the Trees’ with 
a goal to plant 1 MILLION 
saplings in 10 cities by 2032

Honeywell Earthquake Relief 
Fund donated over $320,000 
for the 2023 Turkey-Syria 
earthquake rescue efforts

Completed 21,000 
volunteer hours in 2022

Comprehensive integrity and compliance 
training made available in 20+ languages

Honeywell investigates 100% of the 
allegations reported through ACCESS Integrity

Annual ON-SITE AUDITS of high-risk suppliers to ensure 
alignment with our Supplier Code of Business Conduct

Honeywell | ESG Approach | 11

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

OUR COMMITMENT
TO ESG

Real-time Measurement

Cybersecurity

Emission Monitoring

High GWP Emissions Monitoring and Remediation

Smart Metering

Bio-Sourced Materials and Bio-Derived Plastics

Energy and Water Conservation; Facility Improvement

Asset Life Extension

Plastics Recycling 

Healthy Building Solutions 

Safety Assurance

Personal Protection

Warehouse Automation 

HONEYWELL 
ESG-ORIENTED 
SOLUTIONS 

Energy Performance Contract

Energy Management Services 

Flight Efficiency

Energy Optimization

Predictive Maintenance

Flight Management System

Energy Storage System and Controls

Electric Vehicles Sensors

Command and Control 

Electrification in Aero

Methodology for identifying ESG-oriented solutions 
is available at investor.honeywell.com (see ESG/ESG 
Information/Identification of ESG-Oriented Offerings).

Low Global Warming Potential Molecules

Carbon Capture and Storage

Renewable Fuels

Hydrogen

Honeywell | Commitment to ESG | 12

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

HONEYWELL DELIVERS SOLUTIONS FOR 
PATHWAYS FOR EMISSIONS REDUCTIONS
Measurement and Reporting

Finding ways to reduce their environmental footprint and 
prepare for a carbon-neutral future is at or near the top of every 
industrial company’s to-do list. But choosing the most effective 
approach is nearly impossible without an end-to-end emission 
management strategy that lets them measure, monitor and 
report, and reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions.

saving efficiencies in data collection and increases workforce 
safety. 

Honeywell also provides industrial organizations with intelligent 
hyperspectral gas imaging systems that detect gas leaks and 
quickly provide information about the size, shape and direction 
of the gas plume. These systems include Honeywell Rebellion 
gas cloud imaging (GCI) cameras, which capture infrared and 
visible images to help operators monitor, quantify and display 
explosive and toxic gas leaks as they happen. 

MEASURE
Companies cannot improve what they cannot measure. The 
Honeywell Versatilis™ Signal Scout™ methane gas detector 
is a wireless device that continuously detects and measures 
greenhouse gases, including methane emissions. Signal Scout 
quickly locates methane leaks, which can help create laborHoneywell’s measurement technology integrates seamlessly 
with Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) technology, such as 
Honeywell Forge Sustainability+ for Industrials | Emissions 
Management, for near real-time emissions reporting as a 
consolidated system of record.

Honeywell Versatilis™

Honeywell | Commitment to ESG | 13

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

MEET ESG FUTURESHAPER: ROBBY KESTER

MONITOR AND REPORT 
Honeywell Forge Sustainability+ for Industrials | Emissions 
Management is a SaaS offering designed to provide companies 
with operational insight for Scope 1 and 2 emissions. 

help organizations prioritize corrective actions that improve 
site productivity and profitability, while reducing maintenance 
costs. The Emissions 360 services program can also help with 
compliance reporting and support leak management.

Honeywell’s UniSim Design Suite gives companies the ability 
to create digital twins to test the effect of process changes 
on greenhouse gas emissions, train operators and optimize 
performance. Digital twins allow companies to simulate 
“what if” scenarios to make predictions about their sites 
or assets, optimize production, reduce costs and enhance 
decision making. Explore other Honeywell reduction enabling 
technologies.

“Honeywell Forge Sustainability+ for Industrials | Emissions 
Management presents a scalable solution to help our 
customers meet important compliance, reliability and 
profitability needs for driving energy transition and achieving 
their carbon reduction goals,” said Kevin Dehoff, President and 
CEO, Honeywell Connected Enterprise. “Our new sustainability 
solution eliminates the need for complex data collection and 
spreadsheets while offering an accurate, auditable and near 
real-time view of emissions at the site level and across the 
enterprise.”

Honeywell Forge Sustainability+ for Industrials | Emissions 
Management seamlessly draws data from many sources like 
edge monitoring devices, processing equipment and embedded 
software. It turns raw data into actionable information 
companies can use to develop emission-reduction strategies, 
make operational decisions in near real time and autonomously 
control processes to help the company meet its carbonreduction goals. 

EMISSIONS REDUCTION ENABLING TECHNOLOGIES
The Emissions 360 services program by Honeywell is a tailored, 
outcome-based program aimed at assisting customers address 
their GHG emissions targets. This program offers enhanced 
support for integrated plant assets and is designed to provide 
the physical location, duration and size of GHG emissions to 

Robby is helping take action to detect and reduce 
potential methane and other gas leaks. Methane is more 
than 25 times as potent as carbon dioxide at warming the 
atmosphere, according to the Environmental Protection 
Agency. That makes continuous monitoring for methane 
leaks at industrial sites increasingly critical, and 
advancements like the ones Robby and his team bring 
to life are designed to help companies do that more 
effectively.

Honeywell’s gas cloud imaging technology continuously 
monitors, pinpoints gas leaks and alerts operators as they 
happen. By visualizing the otherwise invisible gas cloud, 
operators can immediately analyze and take actions to stop the 
leak. In addition, by responding to a leak as soon as it occurs, 
oil and gas companies can reduce harmful emissions from 
polluting the environment.

Honeywell | Commitment to ESG | 14

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

HONEYWELL HELPS DEFINE PATHWAYS 
TO NET ZERO 
Net-Zero Enablers

hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs), which are being phased out 
because they have very high global warming potential (GWP). In 
fact, HFOs typically have GWPs that are more than 99% lower 
than the equivalent HFCs.

Honeywell can deliver solutions to help drive the energy 
transition and decarbonization. We have unique expertise in 
essential technologies needed to help on the journey to create 
a net-zero economy, including refrigerants, renewable diesel 
and aviation fuels, hydrogen production, and carbon capture, 
utilization and storage (CCUS).

SOLSTICE PRODUCTS HELP REDUCE CO2 EMISSIONS 
Honeywell Solstice® technology helps deliver on pledges to 
reduce carbon emissions. Use of Honeywell Solstice products 
has helped avoid the potential release of the equivalent of 
more than 326 million metric tons of carbon dioxide into the 
atmosphere, comparable to the CO2 sequestered by 389 million 
acres of U.S. forests for one year.1 The numbers keep rising 
every day. 

“Whether they are used to air condition cars, deliver medicine 
via an inhaler, propel home or personal care products or produce 
foam insulation, Solstice touches the lives of millions of people 
every day,” says Jeff Dormo, President, Honeywell Advanced 
Materials. “Honeywell has invested more than $1 billion in 
research, development and new capacity for Solstice technology 
over the last decade to create products that help customers 
reduce their carbon footprint without sacrificing end-product 
performance.”

Solstice products use breakthrough hydrofluoroolefin (HFO) 
technology, the most effective alternative to conventional 

RENEWABLE FUELS HELP DRIVE EFFORTS TO REACH 
TO NET ZERO
Producing high-performance, low-emissions renewable diesel 
and sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) is nothing new for Honeywell 
UOP. We pioneered the UOP Ecofining™ technology more 
than a decade ago to produce sustainable fuels from waste 
feedstocks like inedible fats, oils and greases. Since then, we 
have developed innovative new processes to expand options for 
renewable fuel refiners and end users. 

“Our latest Ecofining™ technology is a ready-now and efficient 
way refiners can produce renewable diesel and SAF today. Both 
fuels are nearly chemically identical to their petroleum-based 
counterparts and are used as drop-in replacements without 
modification to engines or fuel systems,” said Kevin O’Neil, 
Senior Business Leader, Renewable Fuels. “Depending on the 
feedstock used, diesel and SAF produced from the Ecofining™ 
process can reduce GHG emissions by 60 to 80 percent on a 
total lifecycle basis, compared to petroleum-based fuels.”2 

In addition to Ecofining™, Honeywell has introduced new 
ethanol to jet (ETJ) and methanol to jet (MTJ) processes to 
produce SAF from other readily available feedstocks. The ETJ 
process uses corn-based cellulosic or sugar-based ethanol. Our 
newest ready-now MTJ technology converts eMethanol to eSAF.

Honeywell | Commitment to ESG | 15

 
HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

HONEYWELL SUPPORTS EVOLUTION OF 
HYDROGEN ECONOMY 
Honeywell UOP has more than 50 years of experience 
developing innovative hydrogen production and conversion, 
transmission and storage, and distribution and use 
technologies. We are leaders in technologies that capture and 
sequester carbon dioxide from industrial processes to produce 
“blue” hydrogen. 

Of course, the ultimate goal is a hydrogen economy reliant on 
“green” hydrogen, which is made by electrolysis of water using 
renewable sources like wind, solar and hydropower to generate 
the required electricity. Honeywell is on the leading edge 
there, too, with next-generation catalyst-coated membrane 
(CCM) technology that will help electrolyzer companies boost 
efficiency, drive down costs and scale production to meet the 
world’s growing demands for “green” hydrogen. 

“Honeywell UOP’s catalyst-coated membranes have been 
tested by leading electrolyzer manufacturers and confirmed to 
demonstrate 30% higher hydrogen production per unit area 
than currently commercially available CCMs3” says Maya 
Gomez, Senior Business Leader, Green Hydrogen CCM. In 
certain instances, this enables a 29% reduction in the cost of 
non-CCM stack components.

MEET ESG FUTURESHAPER: MOHAMMED RUSTOM

Mohammed is committed to working with customers 
to create a vision for the future and reduce their carbon 
footprint with our ready-now solutions.

HONEYWELL TAKES CCUS TECHNOLOGY 
TO NEW LEVELS 
The CCUS process traps carbon dioxide emissions from 
sources like coal-fired power plants, refineries, hydrogen and 
liquid natural gas plants, iron and steel mills, and cement 

plants. The captured carbon dioxide can be injected and stored 
underground, or it can be repurposed to produce eMethanol.

Carbon capture solutions from Honeywell UOP can help reduce 
GHG emissions from hard-to-abate industries that struggle 
to eliminate CO2 as a byproduct of their industrial processes. 
CCUS may also provide a lower-cost solution compared to other 
decarbonization options to help meet government regulations 
or ESG goals.

Honeywell developments in advanced solvent carbon capture 
(ASCC) technology are improving the efficiency of the CCS 
process and enabling the use of smaller, less expensive 
equipment. A typical coal-fired powerplant (650 MW capacity) 
could capture about 3.4 million tons of CO2 per year using 
Honeywell ASCC technology, which is equivalent to removing 
735,000 cars from the road each year. 

Today, 15 million tons per year of CO2 is being captured and 
used in storage/utilization applications through Honeywell’s 
CO2 Solutions process expertise. Customers using Honeywell 
technology have the capacity to capture 40 million tons per year 
through installed projects worldwide.4

1Calculations are based on actual sales of Solstice products (in lbs) from Jan 
2010 through Dec 2022, and utilize the EPA GHG equivalency calculator for 
conversion.
2Greenhouse gas emission savings calculations based on California Air 
Resources Board methodologies.
3Based on a PEM water electrolysis system using renewable power to produce 
2,300 MT H2/y with 5,000 operating hours/y.
4Includes capacity of deployed Honeywell technology (membranes and 
chemical & physical solvents) in installed projects enabling CO2 capture from 
gas streams, of which 15 million tonnes of the captured CO2 is being utilized for 
enhanced oil recovery annually.

Honeywell | Commitment to ESG | 16

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

(mVCS) to cool heat-generating components. The Micro VCS 
is installed on the new fixed-wing Eviation Alice electric aircraft, 
due for launch in 2027, and has been selected for Archer 
Aviation’s Midnight electric vertical takeoff and landing (eVTOL) 
aircraft.

MEET ESG FUTURESHAPER: PRUDENCE HOFFMAN 

HONEYWELL SETS THE PACE FOR A MORE 
ELECTRIC FUTURE 
Electrification 

Electrification is a critical strategy for reducing GHG emissions 
and evolving to a net-zero world where electric transportation 
and renewable energy are the norms. Honeywell is playing a vital 
role in this energy transition with ready-now solutions for moreelectric aircraft, electric vehicles and advanced energy storage 
systems. 

For example, Honeywell is working with several leading electric 
aircraft developers on emission-free propulsion systems and 
an ultra-powerful turbogenerator that can recharge batteries to 
power electric motors in flight or on the ground.

Electric and hybrid aircraft need highly efficient thermal 
management systems like our Micro Vapor Cycle System 

Prudence wants her children and grandchildren to look at 
her career and be proud of the contributions she’s made. 
Her family inspired her to step away from a career in the 
petrochemical field and step into the world of renewable 
energy. At Honeywell, Prudence takes on the role of 
coach, mentor and leader as she supports the energy 
transition through Honeywell technologies.

Honeywell Denso

Honeywell | Commitment to ESG | 17

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

HONEYWELL SENSORS AND SWITCHES DRIVE EV 
CAPABILITIES 
The world’s roadways are also becoming more electric as 
factors like environmental consciousness, higher fuel prices, 
government incentives and battery and charging infrastructure 
improvements drive up demand for electric vehicles. The 
International Energy Agency projects electric cars could 
account for 18% of total 2023 car sales1, shattering previous 
sales records.

“Building on Honeywell’s decades-long legacy of sensing 
and control innovations for the automotive industry, we have 
developed a portfolio of sophisticated sensors and switches to 
meet the specific needs of electric vehicle (EV) manufacturers,” 
says Sarah Martin, President, Honeywell Sensing & Safety 
Technologies. “Honeywell products help safety, performance 
and reliability for all kinds of electric vehicles, from passenger 
cars and pickups to heavy-duty trucks and offroad vehicles.” 

For example, Honeywell provides a broad array of sensors 
for use in battery management systems, electric drive control, 
energy storage systems and battery safety applications. 
The sensors provide accurate data to the battery management 
system to enable safer use of lithium ion batteries and extended 
battery.

Honeywell sensors also provide early detection of thermal 
runaway events to help protect drivers, passengers and vehicles 
from battery overheating hazards. The battery safety aerosol 
sensor looks for the presence of particulate matter and the 
battery safety pressure sensor detects transient pressure 
changes in the battery pack.

LEARN MORE ABOUT ELECTRIC VEHICLES:

We recently introduced Honeywell IonicTM to our leading 
portfolio of energy storage solutions. It’s a compact, end-to-end 
modular battery energy storage system (BESS), which uses 
lithium-ion battery cells, and features a flexible design that will 
help meeting users’ energy storage needs for many years to 
come. 

HONEYWELL STORES RENEWABLE ENERGY 
FOR FUTURE USE 
Finding better ways to store energy generated by solar or wind 
power until it’s needed is vital to the planet’s clean-energy 
future. Honeywell energy storage solutions meet the needs of 
utilities, independent power producers, and commercial and 
industrial wind and solar operators for new and more capable 
energy storage technologies. 

“The sun doesn’t always shine, and the wind doesn’t always 
blow, so if we really want to maximize renewable energy, we need 
to find ways to store that energy for future use,” said Prudence 
Hoffman, Honeywell Director of Energy Storage Solutions. 
“That’s why energy storage is the key enabling technology that 
allows us to transition to renewable energy. Honeywell is at the 
forefront of this critical technology.”

Honeywell Ionic includes the Experion® Energy Control System 
and a chemistry-agnostic battery management system (BMS). 
Experion helps to enable peak shaving and provide users with 
the ability to create a virtual power plant. 

Honeywell has years of experience in lithium-ion battery 
manufacturing solutions. Our latest end-to-end integrated 
manufacturing excellence solution brings together global 
project expertise, proven execution methodologies, leading 
automation technology and software solutions to help 
gigafactories meet their production and sustainability 
objectives. 

1https://www.iea.org/reports/global-ev-outlook-2023/executive-summary

Honeywell | Commitment to ESG | 18

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

HONEYWELL HELPS DELIVER HEALTHIER 
AND MORE SUSTAINABLE BUILDINGS 
Energy Efficiency; Health, Safety and Security 

provides easy-to-access performance indicators so users can 
understand the status of facilities, view occupant comfort levels, 
identify poor performing assets and quickly uncover potential 
problems within a single structure or a whole fleet of buildings. 

Buildings differ in size, shape and purpose, but they all use 
energy and they all leave an environmental footprint. In fact, 
building operations account for 30% of global final energy 
consumption and 26% of energy related emissions, according 
to the International Energy Agency.1

Honeywell’s suite of solutions help building owners and 
operators control critical health, safety and security factors to 
enable compliance with changing building standards, safety 
guidelines, regulations and risk management policies. The 
system is built to adjust to dynamic day-to-day variations and 
occupant behavior.

“Honeywell can make a big impact with sustainable building 
technologies that help to improve energy efficiency, reduce 
carbon emissions and make buildings more resilient – all while 
creating a better occupant experience,” says Billal Hammoud, 
President and CEO, Honeywell Building Technologies. 
“Honeywell Forge Performance+ For Buildings uses software, 
hardware and services in a unique way to deliver key 
outcomes to help building owners and operators achieve their 
sustainability, operational efficiency, occupant experience, 
compliance, safety and security and resilience goals.”

For example, Honeywell Forge Performance+ for Buildings 
| Predictive Maintenance gives building managers a 
comprehensive view of building operations and the ability to 
monitor, configure and control building assets remotely. It 

MEET ESG FUTURESHAPER: NIKKI MEHTA

Outdoor enthusiast. Climate change champion. Nikki 
saw the effects of climate change firsthand after 
hiking one of Switzerland’s most legendary alpine 
destinations, Jungfraujoch, and a glacier in Iceland. 
Both of these challenging experiences inspired Nikki to 
make sustainability a core tenet in her life. At Honeywell, 
she’s developing software solutions to help customers 
assess, analyze and optimize their building carbon 
footprint. Much like climbing, she’s tackling sustainability 
challenges one step at a time.

1Buildings Energy System IEA

Honeywell | Commitment to ESG | 19

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

Honeywell Forge Sustainability+ for Buildings | Carbon and 
Energy Management is designed to help building owners and 
operators to monitor, control and optimize building operations 
while visualizing Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions. 

The Carbon and Energy Management was designed with 
building occupants in mind. It uses sensor data and machine 
learning algorithms to continuously monitor and adjust 
buildings controls at a zone level. The solution connects to 
a building management system (BMS) and can work across 
different assets, such as HVAC and lighting operations, to help 
building owners optimize operations. It is designed to adjust the 
setpoints in near real-time based on actual demand, occupancy, 
time and weather to help determine an optimal energy savings 
strategy without impacting the comfort or safety of the building 
occupants. 

The findings of Honeywell’s third annual Healthy Buildings 
Survey helped shed even more light on the impact of buildings 
on both occupant well-being and the planet. According to 
the survey, more than nine in ten respondents (91%) would 
forgo job perks if the cost were reinvested in reducing their 
workplace’s environmental impact. 

proving ground to develop, validate and demonstrate advanced 
building technologies like Honeywell Forge Performance+ for 
Buildings.”

Norris said. “There has been enormous interest from other 
companies and the global building community. We’re delighted 
to share our experiences and lessons learned.”

CHARLOTTE HQ IS A PROVING GROUND FOR 
HONEYWELL FORGE
“The new Honeywell headquarters building in Charlotte, 
N.C., is a place where talented and engaged Futureshapers 
can do great work and solve big problems in a building as 
smart, innovative and efficient as they are,” said Brian Norris, 
Honeywell Director of Integrated Facilities Management for 
North and South America. “We also use the building as a 

Construction began on the new building in 2019 and the first 
group of employees walked through the doors of the 23-story, 
313,000-square-foot facility in August 2021. About 1,300 
employees are based there today, with most working hybrid 
schedules with three days per week in the office.

“Thousands of visitors have toured the facility in the last two 
years to see our approach to improving efficiency firsthand,” 

In September 2022, the building received the coveted 
Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) Gold 
certification from the U.S. Green Buildings Council (USGBC). 
The USGBC cited the building’s energy performance, indoor 
environmental quality, low-emitting construction materials, 
interior lighting and effective use of daylight, and the application 
of innovative technologies such as Honeywell Forge. 

Honeywell | Commitment to ESG | 20

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

HONEYWELL SETS COURSE FOR A CLEANER 
FUTURE FOR AVIATION 
Net-Zero Enablers; Energy Efficiency; 
Electrification

Honeywell also introduced a ready-now methanol to jet (MTJ) 
fuel-processing technology to convert eMethanol to eSAF 
reliably and at scale. 

Honeywell is a leader in the global crusade to decarbonize air 
transportation. Ready-now and emerging Honeywell solutions 
show promise for an industry whose environmental impact is 
likely to triple by 20501 unless it immediately changes course. 

We offer proven processes for sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) 
production, advanced software that can enable real-time fuelsaving decisions and electric and hybrid power systems that 
foreshadow the cleaner future of flight.

UNLOCKING THE PROMISE OF SUSTAINABLE 
AVIATION FUEL
Airlines are counting on SAF to reach net zero by 20502, which 
means refiners need to scale SAF production. Honeywell has 
the know-how to help make this happen.

Refiners have been using the groundbreaking Honeywell MTJ 
UOP Ecofining™ process to produce SAF from inedible fats, 
oils and greases for more than a decade. Honeywell recently 
launched two breakthrough processes to produce SAF from 
ethanol and methanol, which are readily available feedstocks.

Depending on the type of ethanol feedstock used, jet fuel 
produced from Honeywell’s new Ethanol to Jet Fuel (ETJ) 
process can reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by 80% 
on a total lifecycle basis, compared to petroleum-based jet fuel.

The MTJ eFining™ process uses carbon dioxide (CO2) recovered 
from industrial processes and produces SAF that will reduce 
GHG emissions by as much as 88%3 compared to conventional 
jet fuel.

“Creating technologies that use new feedstocks is vital to 
long-term decarbonization of the aviation sector,” said Lucian 
Boldea, President and CEO of Honeywell Performance Materials 
and Technologies. “The ability to use readily abundant CO2 to 
produce SAF is a transformational opportunity for this market. 
Adding UOP eFining to our existing Ecofining and ethanol-to-jet 
technologies provides multiple routes to meet the rapidly 
growing demand for SAF.”

Honeywell | Commitment to ESG | 21

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

MEET ESG FUTURESHAPER: CAVENE VANHORNE 
ROBINSON

Cavene is powering down harmful radiation in the 
aviation industry. A creative person at heart, Cavene grew 
up in Jamaica and used to make toys out of scraps and 
paper, and little else. This resourceful creativity led her 
to what she does today for Honeywell: redesigning and 
removing radioactive materials from aircraft. Just this 
year, she and her team put in service the first high tension 
radiation-free exciter (the part that delivers high voltage 
to the igniter in an engine).

the number of people on board, the aircraft’s gross weight, 
the amount of fuel it is carrying and flying conditions like wind 
speed and air temperature. 

Honeywell Flight Efficiency is designed to use deep data 
analytics to equip airlines and flight crews with actionable 
insights they can use to help reduce fuel consumption and cut 
carbon emissions.

TURNING DATA INTO MORE EFFICIENT FLIGHT
Many factors affect airline fuel efficiency and GHG emissions. 
These include the size and configuration of the aircraft, the 
age and efficiency of its engines and auxiliary power units, 

“Honeywell Flight Efficiency has been a leading force in 
realizing the full potential of data analytics in airline operations,” 
said Boris Bliznakov, Global Product Leader for Honeywell Flight 

Efficiency. “We’ve driven the evolution from reporting software 
that describes what happened, to predictive software that 
anticipates what may happen, to prescriptive software that tells 
airlines what will happen and – more importantly – what they 
can do about it.”

With this information, airlines can make informed decisions 
about fuel loading, taxiing and flight procedures, and gauge 
the impact of decisions affecting fuel economy on other airline 
priorities like on-time performance.

Honeywell | Commitment to ESG | 22

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

MEET ESG FUTURESHAPER: TAYLOR ALBERSTADT

efficient, quieter, safer and with fewer emissions than aircrafts 
relying only on conventional engines and fossil fuels.” 

Honeywell’s unique background in aircraft electrification, 
propulsion and power systems has made the company an 
attractive partner for established aerospace companies and 
startups developing electric aircraft, including the AAM air 
taxies that will enter service by the middle of the decade. 

For example, Honeywell is working with DENSO, a leading 
global supplier of automotive mobility systems, to develop a 
small but powerful electric motor for the Lilium Jet, the world’s 
first electric vertical takeoff and landing (eVTOL) jet. Weighing 
less than ten pounds, the e-motor has an output of 130kW 
peak power.

Taylor is leading the charge in creating a new market in 
advanced air mobility, where electric aircraft move people 
and goods faster, cheaper and with a fraction of their 
current energy consumption and emissions. His ultimate 
goal? Enabling a more efficient and sustainable world 
today and for future generations.

MEETING THE FUTURE OF MORE-ELECTRIC AIRCRAFT
The age of aircraft electrification is upon us, according to Dave 
Marinick, President of Honeywell Engines and Power Systems. 

“The future of aviation is much more electric,” he said. 
“Advanced Air Mobility (AAM) platforms, other small passenger 
and cargo aircraft and – eventually – larger commercial 
planes are all good candidates for electric and hybrid-electric 
propulsion and power systems. These aircrafts will be more 

Honeywell Advanced Air Mobility

MEET ESG FUTURESHAPER: JOSE ANAYA LOPEZ

The future of transport for people and goods is urban 
aerial mobility (UAM) and unmanned aircraft systems 
(UAS). José is developing solutions that may well impact 
your daily commute, as well as how you receive goods. 
These aircraft will reduce air pollution generated by 
traffic congestion and reduce travel time. José is helping 
bring Honeywell’s legacy of aerospace leadership to your 
doorstep.

1Reducing Carbon Dioxide Emissions from Aircraft Center for Climate and 
Energy Solutions Center for Climate and Energy Solutions (c2es.org) 
2IATA Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF)
3Reduced GHG emissions is based on UOP carbon intensity analysis, derived 
from a 3rd-party study of methanol production from green hydrogen and CO2 
captured from biomass processing, in comparison to fossil fuels.

Honeywell | Commitment to ESG | 23

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

HONEYWELL UPCYCLE PROCESS 
TECHNOLOGY ENABLES PLASTICS 
CIRCULARITY 
Circularity 

feedstock that can be used to create new plastics. The planned 
advanced recycling plant is expected to have the capacity to 
transform 30,000 metric tons of mixed waste plastics into 
Honeywell Recycled Polymer Feedstock per year.

No one wants their plastic waste to end up in a landfill or the 
ocean, but conventional plastic recycling programs aren’t the 
answer either. Just 15% of the plastic waste generated today 
ends up being recycled1 and the plastic pollution problem will 
likely double by 20302 unless decisive action is taken soon. 

When used in conjunction with other chemical and mechanical 
recycling processes – along with improvements to collection 
and sorting – Honeywell’s ready-now UpCycle Process 
Technology has the potential to help recycle nearly 90% of 
waste plastics3. This would represent a considerable increase 
in the amount of waste plastics that can be turned into 
polymer feedstock.

Recently, Honeywell signed an agreement with Biotrend 
Energy, which will use UpCycle Process Technology in a new 
commercialized advanced processing facility in Turkey. The 
plant will have the capacity to transform 60,000 metric tons of 
mixed plastics waste into recycled polymer feedstock annually. 
Other UpCycle Process Technology projects are underway in the 
U.S., Europe, Middle East, Asia and China.

When the UpCycle Process Technology processes waste plastic 
into circular plastic feedstock, it can achieve an 80% reduction 
in carbon emissions if the plant is supplied with 100% 
renewable electricity. 4,5

“We are collaborating with companies that have recycling and 
waste management experience to help close the loop within 
the plastics supply chain by converting mixed waste plastics 
into recycled polymer feedstock,” said Marc Yagoub, Global 
Business Director for Plastics Circularity. “The UpCycle Process 
Technology expands the types of plastics that can be recycled 
to include waste plastic that would otherwise go unrecycled, 
enabling Honeywell to play a key role in driving a circular 
plastics economy.”

1According to AMI InternationalThe Global Mechanical Recycling Industry 
2020.
2Plastic pollution on course to double by 2030 | UN News 
31. Assuming sorting and collection improves to recover most waste plastic, 
and chemical recycling, including Honeywell UOP UpCycle Process, is widely 
deployed. The 90 percent of waste plastics that could be recycled may change 
depending on the number of consumers or communities that have access to 
recycle waste plastics or the availability of recycle facilities. 2. Honeywell UOP 
analysis of US EPA Advancing Sustainable Materials Management: Facts and 
Figures 2018 and IHSMarkit 2019 world polymer consumption data.
4ISO compliant LCA report critically reviewed by independent 3rd party experts.
5Study completed for the USA, waste perspective case, 17% incineration, 83% 
landfill.

For example, Honeywell’s agreement with C-Pure will help 
transform end-of-life plastic waste into recycled polymer 

Honeywell | Commitment to ESG | 24

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

ENVIRONMENTAL

Honeywell | Environmental | 25

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

HONEYWELL 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
SUSTAINABILITY 
INDEX EXPANDS 
SUSTAINABILITY 
LEADERSHIP 

Honeywell has a legacy of ESG leadership both in our own 
operations and in the innovative solutions we provide to 
customers. The company is continuously striving to be among 
the most efficient and environmentally effective on earth. 

To this end, we launched the Honeywell Environmental 
Sustainability Index (ESI) in 2022. The ESI informs investors 
and the C-suite on sustainability leaders’ sentiment of 
companies’ current progress and future plans related to 
climate change mitigation goals. It tracks how they are 
prioritizing their sustainability projects and where they are 
investing their resources. The index provides data across 
four different sustainability categories: Energy Evolution and 
Efficiency; Emissions Reduction; Pollution Prevention; and 
Circularity/Recycling. 

“Our commitment to tracking global sustainability trends 
through the Honeywell Environmental Sustainability

Index reemphasizes our commitment to and leadership in 
sustainability from every angle,” said Vimal Kapur, Honeywell 
Chief Executive Officer. “The quarterly report can be leveraged 
to compare a business’ own progress and future plan against 
what’s reported in their specific vertical and geographic 
region.” 

The ESI is based on a global double-blind survey of more 
than 750 global business, technology and sustainability 
professionals directly involved in the planning, strategic 
development, implementation or oversight of environmental 
sustainability goals. 

Provided as a free-of-charge public service, the Honeywell ESI 
is produced quarterly in collaboration with The Futurum Group 
and is designed to provide a quarter-over-quarter comparison 
of sentiment and progress of sustainability initiatives on a 
global basis. 

“This data is increasingly meaningful to my peers and me,” 
said Gavin Towler, Honeywell’s Chief Sustainability Officer. 
“It allows us to see how our work compares across the industry 
and globe and helps Honeywell develop new sustainability 
solutions to help fast-track the journey to carbon neutral.” 

These initiatives represent a continuation of Honeywell’s 
sustainability efforts that began in 2004 and have already 
yielded a reduction in greenhouse gas intensity of more 
than 90%. 

Learn More about the Environmental Sustainability Index.

“Honeywell is leading the way in sustainability 
through our own journey to carbon neutral, 
the sustainability technologies we provide to 
our customers, and in thought leadership like 
the Environmental Sustainability Index (ESI).”

Gavin Towler 
Chief Sustainability Officer

Honeywell | Environmental | 26

 
HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

HEALTH, SAFETY AND
THE ENVIRONMENT 

Honeywell is committed to protecting our people and the environment. 
Our health, safety and environment (HSE) programs are managed by 
a global team of trained professionals with extensive knowledge and 
collective experience in occupational health, chemistry, hydrology, 
geology, engineering, safety, industrial hygiene, materials management 
and energy efficiency.

By integrating HSE considerations into all aspects of our business, we: 

 Protect our people and the environment 

Achieve sustainable growth and accelerated productivity 

Drive compliance with all applicable regulations 

Develop technologies that expand the sustainable capacity of our world

Honeywell | Environmental | 27

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

legal requirements. It sets clear, constructive objectives for 
improvement and maintains the programs designed to achieve 
those objectives. In addition, we have developed detailed 
operational controls aligned to common risks and applicable 
requirements in approximately 90 specific subject areas that 
prescribe required management elements. All Honeywell 
facilities are required to comply with these operational 
controls, as well as any applicable legal requirements. Areas 
where specific operational controls are required are listed on our 
website and include safety, industrial hygiene, loss prevention, 
environment, health, product stewardship, transportation 
safety, process safety management, construction safety 
and remediation.

100% 

OF HONEYWELL LOCATIONS ARE SUBJECT 
TO GOVERNANCE VIA OUR COMPREHENSIVE 
MANAGEMENT SYSTEM.

Compliance with regulatory requirements and internal 
standards is monitored through a comprehensive three-phase 
governance process. The phases include ongoing selfassessment, annual verification and internal audit.

HSE GOVERNANCE

The Health, Safety, Environment, Product Stewardship and 
Sustainability (HSEPS) organization, led by our Vice President 
of HSEPS, focuses on workplace safety and health, 
environmental performance, regulatory compliance and risk, 
including risk related to climate change. 

Our commitment to health, safety and the environment is 
outlined in our Sustainable Opportunity Policy. This policy is 
incorporated into our company-wide operating system and 
serves as a blueprint for continuous operational improvement 
throughout our HSEPS Management System. Endorsed by our 
CEO and senior leadership, the policy is posted in every facility 
and communicated to all employees and contractors annually. 

Health, safety and environmental considerations are embedded 
into every business within Honeywell via our comprehensive 
management system based on recognized third-party 
standards. These include ISO 14001 (the international 
standard that specifies requirements for an effective 
environmental management system) and ISO 45001 (which 
specifies requirements for an occupational health and safety 
management system), as well as industry best practices. 
HSE-related incidents, such as injuries and environmental 
events, are reported via a comprehensive management system 
software solution.

The Honeywell HSEPS Management System encompasses 
18 interconnected core elements and is applied everywhere we 
operate. Implementation of the management system requires 
identification and assurance of compliance to all HSEPS 

Honeywell | Environmental | 28

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

A team of independent HSEPS internal and external subject 
matter experts conduct the audits and focus on verification of 
requirements and continuous improvement. When the 
requirements are not met, nonconformities are identified and 
corrective action plans are developed, implemented and 
monitored through our centralized management system tool.

ALL HONEYWELL LOCATIONS ARE SUBJECT 
TO INDEPENDENT INTERNAL AUDIT.

Climate-related risk is monitored as part of our overall HSEPS 
risk management. Our General Counsel of HSEPS monitors 
emerging developments for climate-related risks through a 
quarterly assessment process. The climate-specific assessment 
is then evaluated in the context of identifying the company’s 
material risks for disclosure and enterprise risk management 
purposes and incorporated into our Enterprise Risk 
Management (ERM) program. 

In conjunction with and as part of our HSEPS Management 
System, we have a process specifically for tracking emerging 
regulatory changes and their impact on business operations, 
sales markets and costs of doing business which include 
climate-related impacts. 

Each of our business groups is also required to prepare assetlevel Business Resilience and Emergency Response plans that 
consider, among other risks, the impact of severe weather events 
on our manufacturing assets and supply chains. Our emergency 
planning procedures are developed based on site risk 
assessments where physical risks are assessed, including 
worldwide assessments of natural hazard exposures. 

The results of the ERM program, the HSEPS-led assessments, 
emergency planning and our processes for monitoring 
emerging regulatory changes are evaluated to determine 
whether any of the identified risks have the potential to 
generate a substantive change in our business operations, 
revenue or expenditures. Our operating system, which drives 
sustainable improvements and the elimination of waste in 
manufacturing operations to generate exceptional performance, 
is a critical component in how we think about sustainability. 
The operating system is a lean-based manufacturing system 
with roles and ownership for all employees from the plant floor 
to the boardroom to engage in careful planning and analysis, 
continuous employee engagement in improvement and 
thorough follow-through. 

Honeywell has built sustainability directly into our operating 
system, so the tools, personnel, activities and culture are used 
to drive sustainability with the same focus used to propel 
other critical operational objectives such as quality, delivery, 
inventory and cost. This ensures sustainability is an integrated 
and essential part of the Honeywell work experience every day. 
Progress on our sustainability program is a factor in determining 
annual incentive compensation for senior leadership.

Manufacturing Site Certifications

93%

38%

ISO 9001 / AS 9100 

ISO 45001 / VPP 

37%

ISO 14001 / RC 14001 

CERTIFICATIONS

In addition to complying with our own strict standards, many 
of our manufacturing sites have also obtained third-party 
certifications for management systems relating to quality, 
occupational health and safety and the environment.

26 LOCATIONS

Honeywell locations achieving ISO 50001, 
the global energy management systems 
standard for establishing, implementing, 
maintaining and improving energy 
management. 

Honeywell | Environmental | 29

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

VOLUNTARY PROTECTION PROGRAM

RESPONSIBLE CARE® PROGRAM

The U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) 
Voluntary Protection Program (VPP) promotes effective sitebased safety and health protocols and sets performance-based 
criteria for health and safety management systems. VPP 
recognizes exemplary achievement in the prevention and 
control of occupational safety and health hazards as well as the 
development, implementation and continuous improvement of 
their safety and health management system. 

Under VPP, management, labor and OSHA work cooperatively 
and proactively to prevent fatalities, injuries and illnesses 
through a system focused on hazard prevention and control, 
worksite analysis, training, management commitment and 
worker involvement. To participate, employers must apply to 
OSHA and undergo a rigorous on-site evaluation by a team of 
safety and health professionals. Currently, 19 of our U.S. 
manufacturing facilities hold the prestigious VPP STAR 
recognition, which is the highest level given under the program. 

Honeywell’s Performance Materials and Technologies business 
participates in the Responsible Care program of the American 
Chemistry Council (ACC). Responsible Care is a global, voluntary 
initiative developed by the chemicals industry to drive 
continuous improvement in health, safety and environmental 
performance. Responsible Care is the chemical industry’s 
world-class environmental, health, safety and sustainability 
initiative. It is our commitment to do more and do better. 
Responsible Care companies are industry leaders, playing a 
vital part to ensure that the business of chemistry is safe, secure 
and sustainable. 

Responsible Care is practiced today in nearly 70 countries 
around the world. Program implementation leads to improved 
efficiency, improved relations with stakeholders through open 
and transparent communications and lower environment, 
health and safety costs. As a signatory company, we are 
committed to improving its performance in the fields of 
environmental protection, occupational safety and health 
protection, plant security, process safety, product stewardship, 
operational energy efficiency and logistics. Responsible Care 
companies embed these values up and down the organization’s 
value chain and continuously improve dialogue with neighbors 
and the public, independent from legal requirements. 
Honeywell’s Performance Materials and Technologies 
headquarters has been certified RC14001 by an external 
ISO registrar since 2005. 

Learn more about the Responsible Care® program.

Honeywell | Environmental | 30

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

ENVIRONMENTAL JUSTICE

Honeywell’s Health, Safety and Environment program includes 
identifying and addressing the environmental and social impact 
of our operations on the surrounding communities and ensuring 
compliance with regulatory standards. Our program calls for 
safe and responsible environmental stewardship, compliance 
with applicable laws and building trust through early and 
consistent community engagement. 

Protecting the environment and meaningfully engaging the 
surrounding community have been long-standing hallmarks of 
our commitments. We have established procedures to 
implement these commitments in a multi-step, integrated 
process that is overseen by management for both Honeywell’s 
current operations and legacy sites. Our commitment to 
community engagement is true for impacted fence-line 

communities, including those that could be categorized as 
environmental justice communities based on current federal 
and state regulatory screening tools. More details about how 
these actions consider fence-line and environmental justice 
communities can be found in our Due Diligence Processes 
to Identify and Address Environmental and Social Risk. 

Honeywell | Environmental | 31

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

GOING THE DISTANCE 
WITH HEALTH AND SAFETY

The safety of our employees, contractors and 
partners is a top priority. We use our lean-based 
operating system approach to drive 
improvements in our safety record.

To establish a uniform standard for evaluation, Honeywell 
standardizes the internal reporting of occupational injuries 
and illnesses pursuant to U.S. OSHA requirements. Facilities 
outside the U.S. are also required to follow any additional 
external reporting requirements in their jurisdictions. Based 
on this data, our global Total Case Incident Rate (TCIR), 
the number of occupational injuries and illnesses per 100 
employees, was 0.20 at the end of 2022. Utilizing U.S. Bureau 
of Labor Statistics, Honeywell’s safety record is more than four 
times better than the weighted average TCIR of the industries 
in which it operates.

Honeywell | Environmental | 32

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

PROTECTING THE WORKFORCE

TRAINING, COMPETENCY AND AWARENESS

Our operating locations rely on comprehensive processes 
for assessments of hazards that could pose a risk to workers, 
including employees, contractors and visitors. Based on these 
assessments, risk mitigation controls are identified, 
implemented and monitored to help ensure effective worker 
protections remain in place. Types of assessments include 
pre-use chemical reviews, ergonomic assessments, personal 
protective equipment evaluations and inspections, procedure 
checks for reporting adverse effects from chemicals, and 
routine exposure monitoring for certain chemicals known to 
be present in the workplace. Upon identification of a risk, we 
implement one or more of the following risk-reducing controls: 
eliminate the activity or chemical usage, switch to a lower-risk
activity or chemical, install engineered controls, apply 
administrative controls and institute the use of new or different 
worker personal protective equipment.

Through careful risk assessment, we determine the necessary 
knowledge for our employees to perform their jobs safely, and 
subsequently create and implement training programs to ensure 
appropriate levels of competency. 

Honeywell assesses the necessary competency levels for HSErelated activities and employees are deemed competent on the 
basis of appropriate education, training, qualification and/or 
experience. The learning needs assessment considers 
assigned responsibilities, abilities, language skills, literacy 
and employee feedback. 

Training plans are developed based on the learning needs 
assessment to ensure that identified training needs are 
delivered to achieve the appropriate level of competence 
associated with relevant HSE aspects, impacts, control 
measures and compliance obligations.

Training content is developed and delivered by a skilled person 
or through a competent process such as a web-based platform 
with appropriate testing to assure training objectives are met. 
The effectiveness of training and the overall training process is 
periodically evaluated. 

At a minimum, all persons doing work under the control of 
Honeywell are made aware of: 

• Their contribution to the effectiveness of the HSEPS 

Management System

• Benefits of improved performance 

• Implications of not conforming to the HSE requirements 

• Sustainable Opportunity Policy 

• Applicable compliance obligations associated with their work 

• Significant HSE risks associated with their work 

• Lessons learned from relevant incidents

Honeywell | Environmental | 33

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS 

Emergency Management Plans are required everywhere we operate. As part of the plan 
development process, emergency scenarios are evaluated to anticipate, prevent and minimize 
risks from potential emergencies.

• Annual engagement with external emergency response providers and local emergency 
planning committees to discuss coordination, participation and feedback on potential 
emergency response activities

Key community-related elements include: 

• A process for responding to raw material, product, process and waste material transportation 

incidents that could occur away from operating locations

• Communicating with employees, contractors, visitors, relevant emergency response services, 

• Forums for open dialogue between the community and business representatives to discuss 

government authorities and the local community as appropriate

health and safety considerations affecting the community

Honeywell | Environmental | 34

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

THE ENVIRONMENT: 
PROTECTING FUTURE 
GENERATIONS, NOW

Our commitment to being environmentally 
responsible is reflected in the extensive work we 
do to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, 
increase energy efficiency, conserve water, 
minimize waste, manage air emissions and drive 
efficiency throughout our operations. Our 
operating system – which drives sustainable 
improvements and the elimination of waste 
in our manufacturing operations – is a 
critical component in how we approach 
environmental stewardship within Honeywell.

Honeywell | Environmental | 35

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

In 2010, we established the Corporate Energy & Sustainability 
Team (CEST) to drive the company’s goals. The team is led by 
our Senior Director of Sustainability and is sponsored by our 
Global Real Estate, Integrated Supply Chain and Health, Safety 
and Environment organizations. The cross-business, crossfunction team meets monthly and is responsible for driving 
sustainability improvements through a rigorous process of 
goal setting, monitoring and measurement, training and best 
practice sharing. 

Since project tracking began in 2010, more than 6,300 
sustainability projects have been implemented at our facilities 
and have resulted in more than $100M in annualized savings. 
These include building automation and controls, lighting, 
compressed air and gas systems, mechanical upgrades and 
renewable energy projects.

We are proud of the environmental improvements we have 
achieved to date and strive to continue our commitment to 
making our business more sustainable through the 
following goals: 

• Reduce U.S. Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions by 50% 
by 2030 from a 2018 base year as a member of the U.S. 
Department of Energy Better Climate Challenge

• Be carbon neutral in our facilities and operations1 by 2035

• Validated by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi), 

Honeywell committed to:

 · Reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions 50% by 

2037 from a 2019 base year

 · Reduce absolute Scope 3 GHG emissions 23% within the 

same timeframe

Each of our strategic business groups is required to establish 
internal goals for year-over-year improvements in GHG 
emissions, energy efficiency, hazardous waste reduction 
intensity and non-hazardous waste diversion rates. Progress 
on our goals is monitored by the CEST, reported quarterly to 
Honeywell’s CEO, and is reviewed at least annually with the 
Board’s Corporate Governance and Responsibility Committee.

• Achieve five-year “10-10-10” target by 2024: 

1 Scope 1 and Scope 2

 · Reduce global Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions 
intensity by an additional 10% from 2018 levels 

 · Deploy at least 10 renewable energy opportunities

 · Achieve certification to ISO’s 50001 Energy Management 

Standard at 10 facilities

Honeywell | Environmental | 36

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

MEET ESG
FUTURESHAPERS

MEET ESG FUTURESHAPER: AMANDA COPPERTHITE

MEET ESG FUTURESHAPER: CHRIS JONES

Amanda is creating sustainable technologies for fuels and chemicals. Think about French fries. 
You know the oil you get on your hands after eating them? Amanda is converting used frying 
oil and grease into renewable diesel and aviation fuel, and she doesn’t stop there. She’s also 
working toward inception of new fuels and energy storage capabilities from renewable energy 
sources. As a pioneer, Amanda understands that solving the climate crisis involves a team effort 
with scientists, partners and customers cooperating across the entire commercial and global 
ecosystem.

Chris is humanizing the digital disruption. Chris started his career at Honeywell 26 years ago as 
a chemical and plant operator. Today, he’s helping people have a safer, more reliable and more 
sustainable experience in industrial spaces through autonomous technology. In industries where 
30% of accidents occur due to human error, Chris’ team is developing new solutions that move 
the brunt of the work on the plant site to digital technologies so employees can focus on safer, 
more value-added activities.

Honeywell | Environmental | 37

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

CARBON NEUTRALITY

Our senior leadership, including the CEO and Board of Directors, 
is engaged in decision-making regarding the company’s climate 
efforts, and regularly provides oversight on climate risks. The 
company supports the goals of the Paris Agreement and is 
committed to lobbying for legislation and public policies that 
align with the Paris Agreement goals of limiting temperature rise 
to well below 2⁰C. 

In 2021, we committed to reaching carbon neutrality in 
our facilities and operations by 2035. In the same year, we 
established an ESG Review Board (ERB) consisting of several 
senior executives to oversee multiple aspects of ESG including 
our carbon neutrality goal. The company has committed $50 
million per year to carbon neutrality projects and initiatives.

The road to carbon neutrality begins with data mining from 
our multinational operations to provide a holistic approach to 
developing more effective and efficient solutions. Honeywell 
is in a unique position to reduce the impact of climate change 
through the development and sale of products and services that 
reduce the impacts of global warming. 

To further support the advancement of our technologies, 
the ERB oversees the use of our facilities as laboratories for 
innovation. For example, in 2022, Rebellion cameras, which 
identify methane leaks, were modified to detect other types of 
emissions. These were installed at one of our plants as part of a 
new Honeywell emission monitoring offering. 

To build on our Scope 1 and 2 emissions commitments and to 
better solve our customers’ challenges, Honeywell submitted a 
commitment to the Science Based Target initiative (SBTi) to set 

a science-based target, including Scope 3 emissions in 2022. 
This target, which has since been validated by SBTi, requires 
continued innovation of products and services to help reduce 
customer emissions. 

With many more employees now interested in sustainability, the 
company developed training using its Honeywell Accelerator 
program to allow all employees, no matter what specialty, to 
learn about the company’s commitment to sustainability so they 
can embed those values into their daily activities.

Petronas & Honeywell’s GHG & Methane Emissions Management

Sensing Technology

Honeywell | Environmental | 38

 
 
 
 
 
HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

REDUCING GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS 

Honeywell reports on its global GHG emissions pursuant to The Greenhouse Gas Protocol and publicly reports through the Carbon 
Disclosure Project (CDP), a U.K.-based organization that supports companies’ and cities’ environmental disclosures, as well as 
various regulatory agencies. 

We have received third-party limited assurance per ISO 14064-3 of our Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions annually since 2011.

Greenhouse Gas Data

Scope 1, MT CO2e 
Scope 2, MT CO2e 
Total 
GHG Intensity, 
MT CO2e/$M Revenue 

1,479,149 
1,048,843 
2,527,992 

1,384,849 
951,982 
2,336,831 

1,387,727 
860,579 
2,248,306 

1,324,742 
693,288 
2,018,031 

1,059,105 
697,090 
1,756,196 

60.5

63.4 

68.9 

58.7 

49.5 

The GHG intensity metrics are the sum of our Scope 1 and location-based Scope 2 emissions in metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent divided by revenue in million U.S. dollars. 
Variations in data reported can occur due to timing of reporting and updates to methodologies as newer reporting protocols and emission factors are adopted. 

As a part of our commitment to reduce GHG emissions, Honeywell has been implementing solar projects to reduce dependency on 
conventional power sources. Examples of recently completed solar projects: 

• Penang, Malaysia: The site installed a rooftop solar PV system of 1278-kilowatt (kWp) capacity through direct capital purchase. 

The system will offset approximately 24% of the site’s energy usage equating to 1.8 million kWh annually.

• Chonburi, Thailand: The site installed a 703-kilowatt (kWp) rooftop solar system. At full capacity, the system will offset 

approximately 820,000 kWh of electricity from the grid annually.

• Chihuahua, Mexico: Two sites in Chihuahua have installed rooftop and carport solar projects with a combined total of 

2725-kilowatt (kWp). This system will offset approximately 4.8 million kWh of electricity from the grid annually.

Solar panels in Penang, Malaysia

>90% REDUCTION IN SCOPE 1 AND SCOPE 2 GREENHOUSE GAS INTENSITY SINCE 2004. 

Honeywell | Environmental | 39

 
HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

IMPROVING ENERGY EFFICIENCY

Energy Performance

We exceeded our public goal to improve energy efficiency by 
more than 20% between 2004 and 2011 and have continued 
to drive improvements throughout the organization. Energy 
efficiency is more important than ever in the pursuit of carbon 
neutrality. To support our goals, and as part of our HSEPS 
Management System, our largest sites are required to identify 
their significant energy use in line with ISO 50001, obtain an 
energy audit on an established cycle, train personnel on energy 
management, and track identified projects via our standard 
database. This ensures a robust pipeline of both low-cost and 
capital projects that can be considered for execution.

Energy, BBTU 

Energy Efficiency, BBTU/$M 

18,808

0.450

17,208

0.469

15,348

0.470

15,247

0.443

15,603

0.440

The assurance process we use for our greenhouse gas inventory includes, by default, our energy footprint. The energy data compiled here represents our global footprint for all our sites. 
Estimates are used for some of our smaller sites but are typically in the range of 5% of our overall inventory. 

Our success at improving efficiency is based on a culture of 
continuous improvement. The HSEPS team combines its deep 
knowledge of energy and environmental matters with our 
HSEPS Management System and continuous improvement 
tools such as tiered accountability, self-assessments and 
kaizens (short duration projects led by a facilitator with a 
specific aim at improvement) to maintain a pipeline of projects 
that help us achieve our goals. 

We install a wide range of technologies, including those from 
our own product portfolio, at our manufacturing sites and 
offices around the world. These include energy management 
and control systems, automation systems for boilers, LED 
lighting, HVAC controls, variable frequency drives, occupancy 
sensors, metering, and renewable energy. We take a systemsbased approach using technology, operational excellence and 
employee engagement aligned with our operating system 
to drive continuous improvements. Additionally, Honeywell 
continues to focus on improving energy efficiency in our 
industrial and production processes. Several projects in 
locations across the world reflect this focus. 

Global program examples:
• Lighting: LED lighting is approximately 90% more 

efficient than incandescent lighting and has a longer life 

than incandescent or fluorescent lighting. Honeywell has 
been systematically replacing lighting at our sites with 
LED technologies. Overall, we have executed more than 
950 LED lighting projects for annualized savings of $9.5 
million representing reductions of 42,350 metric tons of 
greenhouse gas emissions and 295 BBTU. Honeywell 
continues to implement LED lighting and controls solutions 
throughout our facilities, including interior (office, warehouse 
and production areas) and exterior lighting. In 2022, we 
completed 66 lighting projects across the Honeywell 
portfolio which resulted in approximately 1350 metric 
tons of greenhouse gas reductions. We are currently in the 
final stages of this LED conversion program and are on 
track to complete additional lighting projects by the end of 
2024, which will help ensure our global footprint has been 
substantially converted to LED. 

Honeywell | Environmental | 40

 
HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

• Compressed air and gas systems: As with the global 
lighting program, Honeywell is utilizing a programmatic 
approach to continue upgrading our compressed air and 
gas systems, as well as adding variable frequency drives 
to fans and pumps to improve efficiency in facility and 
manufacturing processes. In 2022, we successfully 
completed 38 projects across the Honeywell portfolio, which 
accounts for approximately 1250 metric tons of greenhouse 
gas reduction. We plan to continue this program and 
complete additional compressed air/gas and VFD projects 
in 2023 and 2024.

Site-specific examples: 

• Pune, India: As part of a campuswide HVAC upgrade at 
the Hadapsar site, a chiller plant optimization project was 
completed which combined multiple chiller plants into a 
single centralized plant for two buildings. Inefficient chilled 
and condenser water pumps were replaced with premium 
efficiency pumps and a cooling tower. An 18-year-old split 
system, with package AC and window AC units, was replaced 
with Energy Star-certified equipment. The total campuswide 

Armstrong Pumps: Chilled water pump and condenser water in India

initiative resulted in annual greenhouse gas reductions of 
approximately 403 metric tons and annual energy savings 
of approximately $133,000.

• Chihuahua, Mexico: As part of a building automation system 
upgrade, the site installed a Honeywell LCBS Connect system 
with economizer controls for 18 package units. Installation 
included controllers, outside air temperature sensors, return 
air sensors, compressor status monitor, damper actuator 
for the inlet air system and an upgraded control system 
front-end graphics package. This project resulted in annual 
greenhouse gas reductions of 85 metric tons and annual 
savings of $26,500. 

• Nantong, China: As the result of a kaizen, the site identified 
an opportunity and subsequent capital project to install 
equipment that allowed process steam with high residual 
heat to be recycled and reused. The project resulted in annual 
greenhouse gas reductions of 268 metric tons and annual 
utility savings of approximately $53,000. 

• Baton Rouge, La.: The site insulated the main steam header 
to reduce substantial energy loss from 360 feet of steam 
line and from transient plant operation during rain events. 
This project resulted in estimated annual greenhouse gas 
reductions of 300 metric tons and annual utility savings of 
$34,000. 

~70% 

ENERGY EFFICIENCY IMPROVEMENT 
SINCE 2004

CHINA GREEN FACTORY INITIATIVE 

Honeywell is taking advantage of government-led programs, 
such as our implementation of China’s Green Factories 
Standard at applicable facilities to help drive efficiency and GHG 
reductions. This program aims to contribute to GHG reductions 
at our Asia Pacific (APAC) facilities by 2030 through the green 
factory evaluation assessment. The aim of the green factory 
assessment is to: 

• Identify which sites within the APAC region can be classified 

as green factory

• Explore any possibility for any green initiatives to be 

implemented at the sites 

Each building is evaluated on: 

• Land intensification 

• Use of harmless raw materials 

• Clean production 

• Waste recycling 

• Low-carbon energy 

Our participation in this program has led to the adoption of 
advanced production processes, use of highly efficient 
equipment with low energy consumption, and continuous work 
to reduce energy use and improve product quality. The initiative 
started in 2022 and is projected to significantly contribute to 
our carbon neutrality pledge in the APAC region. 

Honeywell | Environmental | 41

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

FLEET ELECTRIFICATION AND OPTIMIZATION

As part of our carbon neutrality strategy, Corporate 
Procurement has been working directly with business leaders 
and key external fleet management companies to develop a 
plan for fleet electrification. 

During the annual replacement cycle, Honeywell’s Procurement 
team intentionally selects new units that have lower total cost 
of ownership when considering fuel efficiency (i.e., hybrids, 
electric vehicles and smaller engines). Since 2019, fuel economy 
has improved by about 3% and GHG emissions have been 
reduced by about 30% across the Americas’ fleet. Drivers 
across different European countries have been using various 
hybrid vehicles for several years. Since our carbon neutrality 
pledge in 2021, we have developed a strategy to further improve 
our fleet’s fuel economy by electrifying Honeywell’s global 
fleet of approximately 7,500 vehicles by 2035 or earlier where 
conditions and markets allow. 

To date, Honeywell has taken delivery of 54 fully electric light 
duty vehicles (LDVs) in North America and Europe, Middle 
East, and Africa (EMEA) as part of an initial pilot program. The 
objectives for the pilot include understanding total cost of 
ownership versus legacy internal combustion engine vehicles, 
and to consider factors including driver safety, productivity, and 
fuel economy contributions to reducing emissions. This pilot 
will inform and shape our future policies and strategy, adoption 
rates by business group, and vehicle class selection. 

Fleet electrification

98% of our commercial fleet today, but also from continued 
optimization through our global Transportation Management 
System (i.e., shipment consolidation and lower carbon footprint 
options). Depending on how they are driven, today’s electric 
LDVs can get up to 150* miles per gallon equivalent (MPGe), 
which is more than three to five times the average in the 
Americas today. Our goal is to materially improve our fuel 
economy relative to today’s standards through electrification. 
Key metrics will be monitored and tracked by various internal 
and external stakeholders to achieve this goal, stemming from 
telematics data, third-party applications, and internal experts 
that align with the best ESG practices known today. 

Fleet emission reductions will come not only from the 
electrification of our LDV class, which represents about 

*https://www.fueleconomy.gov/

WASTEWATER AND EFFLUENT MANAGEMENT 
AND WATER STEWARDSHIP 

Honeywell manages water in accordance with all regulatory 
requirements while also taking steps to protect and conserve a 
vital natural resource. 

Our locations and functions are required to manage their water 
use and wastewater and effluent generation in accordance with 
our HSEPS Management System, which includes: 

• Completing a water inventory identifying all uses and 

discharges of water, including source of supply, use and 
what happens to the resulting wastewater. Also considered 
are any discharges generated by plant operations, such 
as compressor blow-down and condensate discharges, 
and water reuse. This breakdown of water use facilitates 
identifying opportunities for reducing consumption and 
requirements for managing effluents. 

• Creating and maintaining a detailed inventory or balance of 
water intakes, activities using or producing water, and water 
discharges, including characterization of any wastewaters. 
This breakdown of water use facilitates identifying 
opportunities for reducing consumption and waste. 

• Completing a review of all legal and other requirements 
for wastewater and effluent management. Our industrial 
facilities that produce emissions may require specific water 
discharge permits, with many requiring us to conduct studies 
or develop models of the potential impacts of the activities on 
communities and the environment before permits are issued 
or renewed. If a government-required wastewater permit, 

Honeywell | Environmental | 42

 
 
 
 
HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

license, impact analysis document or other legal requirement 
is applicable, Honeywell implements operation controls. 
These include documenting specific actions to ensure 
compliance with legal, permit and Honeywell requirements. 

• Developing comprehensive location-specific operational 

controls, including physical and administrative controls, to 
manage our wastewater and effluents in compliance with 
legal and other requirements, and to minimize environmental 
impact, including unwanted releases. Our operational 
controls include quality assurance and control plans to 
identify potential issues before they happen or to enable 
rapid response. 

• Restrictions on some methods of discharge to limit potential 

environmental impacts. 

• Good management practices to reduce contamination and 

impact of storm water run-off for all locations. 

• Separating potable and processing water supplies to 

eliminate the risk of cross-contamination. 

• Container management and spill prevention controls to 
minimize risk of unwanted release and contamination of 
ground and surface waters. 

• Training for employees and contractors who perform critical 

activities related to wastewater and stormwater management. 

• Collating data on water withdrawals and discharges and 

conducting regular water audits to identify opportunities to 
reduce water consumption. 

Wastewater and effluent management system requirements 
are subject to three levels of governance: a location level selfassessment against requirements, a verification process by 
more senior personnel within the organization and auditing by 
third-party teams of Honeywell and external experts. 

Honeywell maintains a process to act in a timely manner to 
address incidents or nonconformities, including those related 
to wastewater and effluent management. These processes 
include root cause analysis and taking preventative and 
corrective actions when needed. Key findings and continuous 
improvement opportunities for wastewater and effluent 
control are also evaluated and incorporated into the overall 
management system. 

Honeywell’s global inventory of water usage data supports the 
identification of conservation opportunities. Honeywell analyzes 
all its operations for Baseline Water Stress using the World 
Resources Institute’s (WRI) Water Risk Atlas tool, Aqueduct. 

To ensure a continuous focus on conservation at our larger 
company sites in water-stressed regions, and as part of our 
HSEPS Management System requirements, all sites in locations 
with High (40–80%) or Extremely High (greater than 80%) 
Baseline Water Stress meeting a certain threshold must: 

• Complete an annual water efficiency assessment based on 

water best practices 

• Maintain a water balance of all significant flows in and out of 

the facility 

• Obtain a comprehensive water audit on an established cycle 

• Train personnel on water management 

• Maintain a list of water conservation measures identified and 

completed 

Honeywell | Environmental | 43

 
 
 
HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

Examples of recent projects: 

MINIMIZING WASTE 

• Tempe, Ariz.: Site installed two new controllers for cooling 

tower makeup feed/bleed and treatment control. This project 
has resulted in annual water savings of approximately 3 
million gallons and annual operating savings of $18,000. 

• Glendale, Ariz.: As part of the water treatment program, 

the site installed acid feed equipment for the cooling tower 
to increase cycles of concentration, which helps reduce the 
blowdown required for cooling tower operations. This has 
resulted in annual water savings of approximately 2 million 
gallons and annual operating savings of approximately 
$17,000. 

• Zhangjiagang, China: The site implemented two operational 
changes to reduce the need for freshwater consumption, 
including the recycle and reuse of steam condensate to feed 
cooling water circulation and the added capability to filter 
and treat wastewater coming from the onsite methanol-toolefin (MTO) plant for reuse. These innovative ideas have 
resulted in annual water reductions of 1.3 million gallons and 
annual operational savings of approximately $24,000. 

MILLION GALLONS OF WATER SAVED IN 
WATER-STRESSED REGIONS SINCE 2013 
FROM MORE THAN 185 PROJECTS. 

Honeywell manages waste in accordance with all regulatory 
requirements while also seeking to minimize waste generation 
and environmental impacts. All of our locations and functions 
are required to handle waste in accordance with our HSEPS 
Management System, which includes: 

• Detailed characterization and classification of all waste 

streams 

• Process of due diligence and impact assessment for all 

facilities receiving hazardous waste from our operations, 
including a review and approval process by a global team; 
Honeywell’s hazardous waste streams are only permitted to 
be sent to these approved facilities. 

Honeywell | Environmental | 44

Cooling Tower Tempe, Ariz

 
HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

• Annual duty of care assessments of all receiving facilities and 
transporters of Honeywell’s waste, including compliance with 
local regulations and permitting requirements and ability to 
handle our waste streams, prior to any waste movement 

• On-site management of waste streams to prevent releases 

and impact on the environment, including container 
management and spill prevention 

• Annual training for all employees and contractors who 

perform waste-related activities 

• Annual, or more frequent, audits of waste movements to 
confirm compliance and identify opportunities for waste 
reduction and diversion 

A verification program and independent internal audits measure 
compliance with our requirements and identify opportunities for 
continuous improvement of our waste management standards.

In addition to any regulatory reporting requirements, sites 
must also adhere to internal reporting requirements so we 
can maintain a global inventory of waste data, including both 
hazardous and non-hazardous metrics. 

Each of our strategic business groups must establish annual 
targets for reducing hazardous waste as normalized by revenue 
and improving waste diversion rates (diverting waste from 
landfills). Results are tracked by our Corporate Energy and 
Sustainability Team and progress is reported quarterly to 
Honeywell’s CEO. 

Honeywell executes waste reduction projects in support of our 
goals and as part of our global sustainability efforts. Waste 

Nagykanizsa, Hungary waste compactors

reduction projects, often identified via a kaizen process, are 
tracked in our project database from conception through 
execution. 

Recent project examples: 

• Nagykanizsa, Hungary: The site purchased and installed 
two waste compactors. The compactors, used for paper 
and municipal waste, allowed for the reduction of waste 
hauls and improved recycling, resulting in annual savings of 
approximately $12,000. With the compactors and improved 
recycling, the site is able to avoid landfilling and improve its 
waste diversion rate from 40% to nearly 100%. 

• Zhangjigang, China: The site implemented waste reduction 

initiatives to repurpose raw pallet materials, repair and 
recycle other pallets, and reuse warehouse packaging. In 
addition to reducing waste, this project has resulted in annual 
operational savings of approximately $74,000. 

• Hlubocky, Czech Republic: The site installed an 

ultrafiltration system to reduce hazardous waste generated 
during production. This filtration technology will also 
improve efficiency of wastewater treatment, enabling treated 
water to be used for a longer period of time and reduce the 
consumption of activated carbon required for production. 
This project reduced hazardous waste and has resulted in 
annual operational savings of approximately $73,000.

Honeywell | Environmental | 45

 
HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

MANAGING AIR EMISSIONS 

We manage air emissions in accordance with all regulatory 
requirements while also seeking to minimize our environmental 
impact. All our locations are required to meet the requirements 
of our HSEPS Management System, which include: 

• Identifying and detailing all emissions to air on an inventory 
that captures both stack and fugitive emissions and covers 
process, combustion and VOC emissions, as well as visible 
emissions, odors and noise 

• Developing operational controls, both physical and 

• Completing regular training on our operational controls to 

administrative, to comply with all regulatory or permit 
requirements and minimize the impact of our operations on 
both the environment and our neighbors 

• Conducting emissions monitoring as required by local 

regulations, and using this data to help identify opportunities 
to reduce our emissions levels beyond regulatory thresholds 

maintain efficiency and compliance 

A verification program and independent internal audit measures 
compliance with our requirements and identifies opportunities 
for continuous improvement of our air emissions standards. 

Honeywell | Environmental | 46

 
 
HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

REVITALIZATION FOR 
A BETTER FUTURE: 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
REMEDIATION

Honeywell, a global, diverse technology company, has legacy 
manufacturing operations dating back to the 19th century. Like other 
companies with long, successful histories, many of our former operations 
were closed or sold years ago and are now considered brownfields. In 
addition, many of the sites had multiple owners over the years, and most 
no longer exist. These historic operations mostly predate the Clean Water 
Act, the Clean Air Act, Superfund regulations, the Resource Conservation 
and Recovery Act, and/or the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and 
are not a reflection of Honeywell’s current operations and processes. 

Honeywell’s “reuse first” practice views idle properties as assets that can be revitalized to 
mutually benefit communities and the company. The properties that emerge from this approach 
galvanize civic pride and catalyze further community development initiatives. Honeywell has 
spent more than $4 billion over the last 19 years to remediate and restore approximately 3,000 
acres to productive community use, including roughly 2,800 acres of biodiverse habitat. These 
biodiverse acres include preserved, restored, enhanced and created wetlands; water and land 
habitat restoration, enhancement, creation and preservation; and creation of green spaces with 
native ecosystems. Using cutting-edge science, design and engineering to protect human health 
and the environment, the company works cooperatively with governments and engages with local 
communities and other external stakeholders to implement effective solutions.

Honeywell | Environmental | 47

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

Honeywell’s Remediation and Redevelopment Group (RRG) 
manages every project and is led by the Global Remediation 
Vice President, a former Assistant Commissioner of New 
Jersey’s Department of Environmental Protection.

• Jersey City, N.J.: After cleanup, this former 95-acre waste 
site in Jersey City was purchased by the City of Jersey City 
for Bayfront, a live-work-play development with waterfront 
access and 20-plus acres of open space. 

commitment underlies the principle that good business, 
economic growth and social responsibility work together. 

The regulatory framework for environmental remediation in 
the United States requires extensive community engagement 
and assessment of potential community risks, all overseen by 
government agencies. 

Honeywell’s work at these sites does not necessarily end when 
a remedy is complete, as we continue to comply with all 
requirements for environmental remediation, including required 
monitoring of sites to ensure the effectiveness of the remedy.

For example: 

• Baltimore, Md.: A former chemical plant was remediated 

and has become a new downtown community, Harbor Point. 
Harbor Point is now Constellation Energy’s headquarters 
and a regional office for Exelon, a leading energy provider; 
Morgan Stanley; and Johns Hopkins Medicine. 

• Syracuse, N.Y.: Allied Chemical, Honeywell’s predecessor, 
operated on the shores of Onondaga Lake for about 100 
years, along with multiple other industries and public 
operations. At one point, the lake was considered the most 
polluted lake in North America. About 1,800 acres are being 
restored and preserved and about 1.1 million native plants 
are being planted. More than 290 wildlife species now call 
this area home and more than 140 unique bird species have 
been identified in and around Onondaga Lake. 

• Buffalo River, N.Y.: Honeywell served as the private sector 

lead to restore the “functionally dead” Buffalo River through a 
unique public-private partnership. The river has now become 
an environmental, economic and community resource which 
includes nine acres of habitat restoration with over 143,000 
native plantings. The river has re-emerged as an amenity and 
asset for landside redevelopment and renewal.

• El Segundo, Calif.: A former chemical and refrigerant plant 

has been redeveloped as two urban shopping centers. 
The Honeywell team went beyond the state’s remediation 
requirements to facilitate the planned commercial 
development. Within three years of manufacturing shutdown, 
city officials cut the ribbon on Plaza El Segundo, a 
Mediterranean-style shopping center with more than 50 
shops and 423,000 square feet of commercial space. 

• Chicago, Ill.: The site was a former Celotex roofing tar and 
asphalt plant. As successor to Celotex, we engaged with 
residents in the surrounding neighborhood to convert the 
site into the green space envisioned by the community. The 
site is now a 22-acre community green space, including 
sports fields, basketball courts, a skate park, trails and a 
large playground. 

We take seriously our commitment to corporate social 
responsibility, protection of the environment and creation of 
sustainable opportunity everywhere we operate. This 

Honeywell | Environmental | 48

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

ENVIRONMENTAL REMEDIATION PROMOTING SOLAR 

Our Remediation and Redevelopment Group (RRG) incorporates options to maximize net 
environmental benefits of cleanup actions, referred to as “green remediation” by the U.S. 
Environmental Protection Agency. RRG has completed several projects that included solar arrays 
to minimize the impact to the electrical grid, minimize greenhouse gas emissions and support 
long-term treatment systems. 

Recent project examples: 

• Ironton, Ohio: A one megawatt (MWdc) ground-mounted solar array covering 2.3 acres on 
the site of the former Allied Tar & Coke plants is designed to supply 100% of the electricity 
consumed by the community’s groundwater treatment plant, which consumes about 1.2 

million kilowatt hours per year. The project received resounding support from both the federal 
and Ohio Environmental protection agencies and local stakeholders, serving as an example of 
green remediation.

• Syracuse, N.Y.: A 190-kilowatt (kWdc) rooftop solar array will supply approximately 20% of the 
electricity consumed by the hydraulic containment and collection system along the lakeshore 
that collects impacted groundwater associated with former Allied operations. 

• Syracuse, N.Y.: A 680-kilowatt (kWdc) rooftop solar array supplies 100% of electricity 

consumed by the onsite groundwater treatment plant and nearby pump stations via virtual 
net metering. 

The RRG is working on several other projects with solar arrays that will be highlighted once 
complete. Learn more here.

Honeywell | Environmental | 49

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

HONEYWELL’S 
JESSICA TELANO
DEFINES ‘GREEN 
REMEDIATION’ 

Honeywell has pledged to be carbon neutral by 2035 in our 
facilities and operations by integrating sustainability up and 
down our supply chain and employing personnel with the talent, 
experience and ability to achieve that lofty goal. 

 “I am always looking for opportunities to implement renewable 
energy projects across our sites,” Telano said. 

Telano successfully implemented nearly two megawatts (MW) 
combined capacity of solar on our legacy environmental sites 
to offset electricity consumed by our groundwater treatment 
systems. 

On an annual basis, this is enough electricity to power between 
150-200 households. 

Our 680kW groundwater treatment plant rooftop system near 
Syracuse, New York, overproduces power consumed by the 
plant itself. The excess electricity generated by the solar array 
is credited to other nearby accounts within the local electricity 
service provider’s jurisdiction. This means that a good portion 

Jessica Telano, who is both Remediation, Design and 
Construction Manager for Honeywell and our Sustainability 
Practice Lead within the corporation’s Remediation Group, 
has fully embraced those goals. 

“This planet is finite and it’s important we 
act in a way that preserves our world for 
future generations,” Jessica said. 

Growing up on Long Island, she always had an appreciation for 
the natural environment. But living in a population-dense area 
on the outskirts of New York City, “I saw some of the detrimental 
impacts that we as humans have had on the environment,” she 
said. 

 At Honeywell, she manages a portfolio of remediation sites 
throughout the United States and Europe that range from 
large-scale sediment remediation projects to Superfund sites, 
among others. 

Honeywell’s “reuse first” practice views idle properties as assets 
that can be revitalized to mutually benefit communities and 
the company. To date, Honeywell has successfully revitalized 
approximately a dozen properties totaling around 400 acres 
that span city and suburban sites, coastlines and waterways. 

Many properties involved complex cleanup requirements to 
address their legacy of heavy manufacturing. 

Honeywell | Environmental | 50

 
HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

of all the electricity consumed by all of our environmental 
Operation and Maintenance obligations in Syracuse are 
supported by renewables. 

where feasible, using biodiesel or other more sustainable fuels 
during construction.” 

project with a greater economic potential that brings jobs to the 
area.” 

“We definitely are seeing a paradigm shift toward the beneficial 
reuse of dredged and excavated materials,” she said. “Other 
techniques of green remediation include the use of renewables 
to offset long-term Operation and Maintenance activities and, 

While cost is a major consideration, other factors affect 
remediation projects, Telano said. “A major hurdle is striking a 
balance among the visions of multiple stakeholders. Sometimes 
people want to see a brownfield turned into a natural area for 
recreation, while others may want to see a larger redevelopment 

“Ultimately you want to create a new space that harmonizes 
with the surrounding community,” she said. “The goal is to help 
provide socioeconomic revitalization while also looking for 
opportunities to restore the local ecology.”

Honeywell | Environmental | 51

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT 
STEWARDSHIP 

For Honeywell, making products safer for people and the planet is 
systematically considered at the design stage of all products. As 
Honeywell businesses invent new tools and solutions, we take deliberate, 
strategic steps to improve each innovation’s eco-efficiency. 

Specifically, we evaluate new products by gauging their potential to: 

Reduce the use of natural resources during manufacturing and distribution 

Increase the energy efficiency of the product itself or because of its use 

Reduce production waste

Identify opportunities for product reuse and recycling 

Utilize recycled or renewable materials 

Reduce and eliminate classified toxic or hazardous materials 

Be packaged more efficiently 

Honeywell | Environmental | 52

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT COMPLIANCE 

We are committed to ensuring that our products are 
manufactured to comply with environmental regulations in the 
markets we serve. 

Our Global Product Stewardship team is responsible for the 
management of environmental compliance activities. 

Regulatory monitoring, combined with expertise and internal 
procedures, helps ensure comprehensive programs are in 
place throughout Honeywell to manage and meet regulatory 
requirements such as: 

• REACH (Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and 

Restriction of Chemicals) 

• RoHS (Restriction of Hazardous Substances) 

• TSCA (Toxic Substances Control Act) 

• GHS (Globally Harmonized System of Classification and 

Labelling of Chemicals) 

• WEEE (Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment) 

EXTENDED PRODUCER RESPONSIBILITY

To meet regulatory requirements, we actively engage with our 
suppliers to obtain chemical substance information for the 
materials they supply as well as the sourcing of minerals used.

REACH 

We are committed to ensuring all our products manufactured in 
or imported into the European Union comply with REACH 
legislative requirements. Honeywell has regulatory management 
systems in place to support ongoing compliance activities to 
monitor the Candidate List and European Chemical Agency’s 
recommendations for authorization. 

Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) is an environmental 
policy approach in which a producer’s responsibility for a 
product is extended to the post-consumer management of 
the product and its packaging. Honeywell complies with all 
legal requirements for EPR either directly or by working with 
accredited recycling partners or networks to ensure proper endof-life treatment of our products to avoid any impacts to the 
environment. Potentially applicable regulations include: 

• Waste Electrical & Electronic Equipment (WEEE) 

• Battery recycling obligations 

• Packaging recycling obligations 

Honeywell has submitted dossier updates when required and 
continues to meet communication requirements to 
downstream users. 

Our New Product Introduction requirements help ensure that 
EPR strategies are considered during the design and packaging 
of products.

Honeywell | Environmental | 53

 
HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

SOCIAL

Honeywell | Social | 54

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

OUR 
FUTURESHAPERS

From solving global challenges to supporting 
our local communities, every Honeywell 
Futureshaper on the team helps make it happen. 

MAKE AN IMPACT

We are connected by our common purpose: To transform the 
way the world works with innovative technologies and to help 
create a more sustainable future. 

Futureshapers are thinkers, dreamers, doers and 
innovators. Together we commit to ensuring a respectful 
and inclusive culture that enables career growth, continuous 
learning and development, and support for well-being. 

Our talent strategy is underpinned by these values and 
commitment to enabling each Futureshaper to make an 
impact, make real connections and make the best you. Built 
around an end-to-end approach of plan, attract, develop and 
engage, our strategic talent agenda is aligned with business 
goals and objectives and holistically supports the acquisition 
of new skilled talent while investing in development, growth 
and succession of our current Futureshapers. From learning, 
development and enabling leadership capabilities, to digital 
HR technology transformation and engagement, our talent 
strategy encompasses the full employee lifecycle.

MAKE REAL CONNECTIONS

MAKE THE BEST YOU

Honeywell | Social | 55

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

ATTRACTING 
THE BEST TALENT 

Attracting and recruiting top talent is foundational to our success. “Building Exceptional 
Talent” is one of Honeywell’s Six Behaviors and emphasizes the importance of developing 
all Futureshapers, while continuing to attract top talent to the organization. 

In 2022, improving speed and reducing time to fill critical talent roles remained a focus for talent hiring. 
Strategic decisions to refine our support model to meet demand resulted in further insourcing and expansion 
of recruitment teams. That included more than tripling the in-house team to optimize search capabilities for 
key levels and positions. Assessments were further implemented for internal and external applicants, aiding 
in identifying the best talent for open roles and enabling Futureshapers to develop and grow their careers at 
Honeywell. Assessment support materials included recruiter and hiring manager training and the addition of 
150 internal coaches to support new hires and internal candidates not hired for positions. 

We recognize the importance of a diverse workforce and hiring managers are provided training and 
resources to reinforce their role in bringing diverse talent into the organization.

We invest in internal talent mobility through promotions and internal hiring. Thoughtful succession 
planning enabled by a digital succession health dashboard gives managers insight to 10 indicators of 
health and viability of succession plans. This helps drive real-time targeted manager actions. Succession 
plans are grounded in career pathing and ensure employee career goals are captured through manager 
planning. Artificial intelligence and machine learning are also optimized to improve matching capabilities. In 
2022, through effective succession planning, 74% of People Leader roles, 76% of executive roles and 79% of 
mid-level roles were filled internally. 

Honeywell | Social | 56

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

DEVELOPING 
SKILLS 
AND GROWING 
CAREERS 

LEARNING AND DEVELOPMENT 

Investing in skill development and enabling Futureshapers to 
grow their careers through a range of learning offerings is a 
top priority. In 2022, over 2,093,000 learning, development 
and training hours were completed. This demonstrates our 
commitment to continuous learning, which is core to our culture 
and long-term business growth strategy. 

We offer an extensive suite of mandatory and voluntary 
technical and functional training to ensure new skills are 
gained while compliance requirements are met globally. Our 
contemporary, interactive and accessible learning platform, 
Accelerator Learning, combines over 22,100 virtual learning 
modules, practice tools and templates with instructor-led 
open enrollment programs to advance professional skills and 
personal development. Futureshapers were assigned and 
achieved 98% completion of role-specific learning journeys 
to further their knowledge and understanding of tools and 
processes specific to the “Honeywell way of working,” ensuring 
alignment and common understanding across the organization. 

In addition, we introduced new Functional Learning Academies 
designed to offer role-specific knowledge, guides, development, 
tools and resources. Functional Learning Academies are for all 
Futureshapers in, or aspiring to, a function-specific role. 

“The Academy trainings are directly 
applicable to my job and engaging. I found 
them to be aptly balanced – both 
informative and interactive. The concise 
trainings are an efficient use of time on 
topics relevant to my role.”

Saurabh Chokshi, 
Program Lead, Honeywell Process Solutions

Feedback and development opportunities identified in the 
Performance and Development process are factored in when 
employees, in partnership with their managers, create Individual 
Development Plans (IDP). They identify their career goals and 
aspirations, and then create tangible action plans to address 
development areas and prepare for their next career moves. 
These action plans encourage alignment to the Experiential 
Learning Model to achieve an optimum development plan. 
Twice-annual Career Conversations between managers 
and employees are a standard part of the talent cycle and 
are dedicated to discussing potential career paths and the 
individual development plan actions that can be taken to 
achieve these goals. 

Our commitment to developing our Futureshapers directly 
connects to our promote-from-within philosophy. Through a 
focus on learning and development, we encourage multiple 
paths to progression, which is reflected through ~19,000 
promotions, lateral moves and progressions in 2022. 

CAREER GROWTH 

Our Experiential Learning Model integrates 70% on-the-job 
experience, 20% coaching and 10% formal learning to develop 
relevant and practical skills to drive positive succession 
outcomes. This learning model aligns and supports our robust, 
annual Performance and Development process. Employees 
engage in annual goal setting to align on objectives to support 
business goals and participate in mid-year and end-of-year 
discussions around results, behaviors and opportunities for 
development. 99.7% of employees established goals as part of 
the process. 

Honeywell | Social | 57

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

MEET ESG FUTURESHAPER: DERAIN PILLAY

Mentor. Coach. Diversity champion. Business leader. 
Derain’s greatest passion is serving people and extracting 
their best performance. He leads a diverse team that is 
pioneering automation systems and measurement 
devices that improve operations across the globe. 
Derain’s work is making customer processes more 
efficient, safe and reliable. 

LEADERSHIP PROGRAMS 

Effective and impactful leadership is central to delivering 
business results, creating transformational products and 
services and engaging and retaining our top talent. Leadership 
development is a robust mix of in-person development 
coaching, mentorship, peer sharing and virtual learning 
modules, case studies and best practice resources. We had over 
9,800 participants in executive, management and functional 
development programs, which significantly feeds our strong 
roles-filled-by-succession percentage.

From executive to manager, our programs continue to evolve 
with market and business priorities. Participants gain essential 
knowledge and skills related to making an impact through 
driving business results and helping them be their best as 
people-leading Futureshapers. Our broad portfolio of leadership 
development programs in 2022 included: 

• Executive Development Program: Senior development 

program that gives strong leaders skills to prepare for senior 
executive leadership. 

• Management Development Program: Develops highperforming leaders into transformational executives prepared 
to take the next big step. 

• Women’s Career Advancement Program and Diversity 

Career Advancement Program: Seeks to empower 
participants through workplace training and development, 
as well as by helping Make Real Connections and expanding 
internal networks for promotional opportunities. 

• Leadership Development Program: Develops skills, 

experience and resilience to successfully lead today and 
shape the future in expanded leadership roles. 

• Honeywell Leadership Edge: Progressive, virtual leadership 
development program required for all mid-level managers, 
covering skills such as building exceptional talent, applying 
business acumen, inspiring innovation and developing 
committed people leadership. 

• Empower: Monthly people-leader sessions focusing on 

peer-to-peer best practice-sharing around critical business 
and talent management priority areas. 

• Critical Talent Programs: Targeted leadership development 

providing skills, business acumen and transformational 
approaches for future roles as Chief Commercial Officer, 
Chief Technology Officer and General Manager. 

• Manager Meet Up: Bi-monthly sessions with mid-to-senior 
level people leaders. Discussions include business strategy 
and critical priorities to better facilitate communication with 
leaders and engage managers to help flow-down throughout 
the organization. 

MEET ESG FUTURESHAPER: MEAGAN LEWIS

Meagan is passionate about making an impact, whether 
she is helping our customers reach their carbon 
neutrality goals or helping employees develop their 
career goals. 

Honeywell | Social | 58

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

ENGAGING OUR 
FUTURESHAPERS 

VOICE OF THE EMPLOYEE 

Listening, learning and taking action is a key component 
of our engagement approach. The Voice of the Employee 
(VOE) feedback survey is conducted annually with all global 
Futureshapers. It provides data and tools to leaders at all levels 
to best drive actionable plans around employee engagement and 
build Honeywell’s desired culture that attracts and retains top 
talent, improves performance and distinguishes the company as 
a great place to work. 

In our most recent survey, we had a 85% response rate across 
the company globally with over 90,000 written comments. 

Insights gained showed Futureshapers are excited about the 
future of Honeywell, how their role contributes to the company’s 
success and how committed they are to customer’s needs.

Honeywell | Social | 59

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

For employees in the United States, this year’s survey also 
included five optional questions for voluntary self-identification 
of diversity demographic information. The data collected 
from the diversity demographic questions will help inclusion 
and diversity initiatives by further understanding how diverse 
employees experience work at Honeywell.

MEET ESG FUTURESHAPER: CASEY MOORE

Casey is at the forefront of purpose-driven 
communication about sustainable technologies. As a 
long time Girl Scout, Casey developed a love and 
connection to the planet. Scouting and family taught her 
that even small efforts such as recycling can have a large 
impact when we commit to it together. Now she’s taking 
the message to the Honeywell organization and beyond 
in an inviting and inclusive way. As a lead project 
manager, Casey’s responsible for sharing the message 
about sustainable technologies and the Futureshapers 
behind the innovations that are helping Honeywell meet 
its 2035 sustainability commitment.

WELL-BEING 

The health, safety and well-being of our Futureshapers is 
priority number one. As part of our Futureshaper “Make the 
Best You” principle, our well-being strategy provides benefits 
and resources across physical, mental, financial and individual 
needs, helping Futureshapers and their families be their best, 
both personally and professionally. 

Throughout 2022, there were several well-being campaigns to 
provide visibility to resources and available benefits across a 
range of topics from health and wellness programs to caring for 
your family and taking care of finances. Mental health remains 
an important topic and was promoted globally during Mental 
Health Awareness month. A variety of benefits and resources 
were promoted; Futureshapers engaged in peer-to-peer sharing, 
discussing their personal stories and best practices; and two 
live webinars were hosted, Minding Your Mental Health and 
Embracing Resilience, with over 5,000 employees participating. 

Available to all employees and their family members around 
the globe, the Employee Assistance Program provides therapy 
sessions, comprehensive mental health benefits to those 
enrolled in the U.S. medical plan, virtual mental health options 
and navigation tools to improve access and speed of care; and 
preventive/mental health resilience programs. 

Our 3+ flexible work arrangement globally helps support 
Futureshapers with the flexibility they need while providing 
opportunities for connection and collaboration while in the 
office. 

To support the diversity of our workforce across the globe, 
Honeywell offers a number of country-specific benefit 
enhancements that covers flexible benefits, infertility services, 
tutoring and support for raising children, surgery support 
and health and wellness incentive-based challenges and 
information platforms. 

PHYSICAL 
Understand personal health risks and the 
tools available to address them 

MENTAL 
Access the behavioral healthcare system 
through multiple channels 

FINANCIAL 
Understand any financial gaps, set goals and 
utilize tools and resources to achieve goals 

INDIVIDUAL 
Programs and policies that provide support 
of our diverse workforce 

Honeywell | Social | 60

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

INCLUSION AND DIVERSITY: 
A FOUNDATIONAL PRINCIPLE

I&D PRIORITY AREAS 

Inclusion and Diversity (I&D) is a foundational principle at Honeywell, both because it’s the right thing to 
do and because it’s a fundamental enabler for our business. From recruitment to employee experience and 
partnerships, the company fully embraces diversity and inclusion – encouraging respect to flourish and 
innovation to thrive. 

With our global programs and inclusive culture, we recruit, develop, retain and promote diverse talent. 
We continue to build partnerships with diverse organizations and develop resources to support diverse 
employees. All Futureshapers are held accountable to actively support I&D in words and actions. 

The company’s Chief Inclusion and Diversity Officer and I&D leaders for each business unit lead three 
strategic priority areas:

REPRESENTATION 
• Cultivate a workforce that reflects 
our communities and the world 

RECOGNITION 
• Be a global employer-of-choice 

RETENTION 
• Create employee development and 

for I&D 

advancement opportunities

• Sustain a pipeline of diverse talent 

from campus to the C-Suite 

• Leverage our culture as a 
competitive advantage 

• Foster community engagement and 

belonging 

• Promote a culture of inclusion, 

• Lead on I&D practices

• Offer competitive compensation, 

accessibility and respect

rewards and recognition 

Honeywell | Social | 61

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

SANDRA BARBOSA 
CHIEF INCLUSION 
& DIVERSITY 
OFFICER AT 
HONEYWELL 

Sandra is Honeywell’s Chief Inclusion & Diversity Officer. She 
has more than 18 years of experience with Honeywell, having 
most recently served as Vice President of Human Resources 
and Communications in Latin America and Canada. 

She is just the second person to hold the title of Chief Inclusion 
& Diversity Officer at Honeywell, accepting the challenge of 
further developing this fundamental corporate principle that has 
resulted in the creation of numerous programs and activities 
to actively recruit, develop and retain talent from diverse 
backgrounds and cultures who bring different experience, 
perspectives, abilities and ideas. Honeywell fosters an inclusive 
environment in which all employees feel valued, respected and 
accepted. 

Sandra holds a degree in Business Administration from 
Universidade São Judas Tadeu, and a Master’s degree from 
Universidade Presbiteriana Mackenzie. She recently provided 
some of her viewpoints on the future of I&D at Honeywell. 

Q. What made you interested in pursuing a career in 
inclusion and diversity? 

No one in my family had gone to college, but my father used 
to tell us about the lawyers and other professionals he would 
speak with while a salesman in Brazil. He would ask them about 
their careers, and sharing those stories with us opened a whole 
new world of what I could accomplish if given the opportunity. I 
believe that’s true for everyone with a dream. 

Having begun my career at Honeywell as a student and a 
business analyst before transitioning to Human Resources, I 
saw first-hand the value of a diverse workforce. When I arrived 
in Mexico, there was a limited number of women in leadership 
roles at manufacturing facilities, so we developed programs and 
initiatives to improve inclusivity on all levels. 

Q. What do you see as your biggest challenges in your 
new role? 

I want to continue building on the strong foundation created 
by my predecessor, Cheya Dunlap. She did a phenomenal job. 
I want to continue applying both a global and local lens to 
I&D and resistance to change. Some people may resist I&D 
efforts out of fear, not knowing what to do, and feeling that it is 
unnecessary, irrelevant or even unfair. 

I also see an opportunity to strengthen the business case for 
I&D as an enabler for innovation, which is core to Honeywell’s 
success and one of our CEO’s priorities. 

Honeywell | Social | 62

 
 
HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

Q. Honeywell I&D has created numerous employee 
networks. Can you provide an update?

We have nine global employee networks and more than 12,000 
employees who are members of at least one network. 

Open to all employees, these networks foster collaboration 
and belonging, enabling everyone to share and learn from one 
another and fully contribute at work and in the community in an 
inclusive and supportive environment. 

They include Honeywell AllAbilities Employee Network; 
Honeywell Asian Employee Network; Honeywell Black Employee 
Network; Honeywell Growing Experience Employee Network; 
Honeywell Hispanic Employee Network; Honeywell LGBTQ+ 
Employee Network; Honeywell Veterans Employee Network; 
Honeywell Women’s Employee Network; and Heighten Your 
Professional Experience/Early Career Employee Network. 

Our I&D Steering Committee, sponsored by CEO Vimal Kapur, 
Senior Vice President and General Counsel Anne Madden, and 
Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer 
Karen Mattimore, represents all of the global networks, as well 
as our five Strategic Business Groups and Regions globally. 

We meet regularly to review progress areas and support 
needed. In July, we held our second Employee Network 
Leadership Meeting where we brought together the Network 
Leaders and members of the I&D Steering Committee. We 
focused on the Network Group’s strategic plans, including the 
further globalization of our I&D initiatives. We’re targeting our 
networks because they do a great job in providing professional 

development opportunities for their members and they support 
us in key elements of our talent development process. Our next 
frontier is how do we become business resource groups. 

Q. Are you developing any additional partnerships outside 
the corporation? 

We’ve established numerous business partnerships through 
our employee networks. Each network has a budget to make 
charitable donations to organizations that represent their 
demographics. Some of those strategic partnerships, including 
Honeywell Black Employee Network and Honeywell Hispanic 
Employee Network, are expanding outside of the United States.

Q. What’s new with Inclusion and Diversity Month? 

I&D Month has been highly successful in introducing and 
educating employees on the importance of inclusion, and we 
continue to focus on making I&D a way of life at Honeywell. 

I aspire to help shape a work environment in which employees 
of different backgrounds and cultures can work together to do 
their best and to leverage their differences to make Honeywell 
better. To do this, we need to make sure everyone has inclusive 
leadership skills. 

We continue to apply our I&D philosophy to everything we 
do internally and externally. We need to remove the barriers 
to success, such as unintentional bias, so we can have 
participation from all employees across the globe to best 
support our customers. 

Q. What are your other long-term goals?

My ultimate goal is to help shape a work environment in which 
Honeywell employees of all backgrounds and cultures leverage 
their differences to make Honeywell even more effective. 

To do this, we need to make sure everyone has the Inclusive 
Leadership Skills to help Honeywell adapt to diverse customers, 
markets, ideas and talent. This is one of my main focuses 
because inclusiveness permeates our daily routines such as 
going to lunch or attending meetings. We need to create tools 
for employees to help them better understand what it means to 
be an inclusive leader – things they should and shouldn’t do. 

Also, we are looking for employees to actively participate in 
providing input on how Honeywell can make its products more 
globally accessible. Our AllAbilities Network has developed 
an “Ideathon” in which employees can submit ideas and 
suggestions dealing with how accessibility can enhance 
our offerings, our brand, our working communities and our 
company culture. Accessibility makes this world a better and 
more inclusive place for all, provides equal access to everyone, 
promotes usability and allows people with disabilities to actively 
participate in our society and business. 

Another goal is to better engage with front-line workers. They’re 
so critical for our manufacturing operations. To do that, we need 
to support local I&D efforts, providing the right framework and 
support for site leaders. 

Honeywell has made great strides in a short period, and I believe 
we have in place the leadership and programs to continue on 
this path.

Honeywell | Social | 63

 
 
HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

I&D 
IN ACTION

TALENT ACQUISITION 

National Partner of the Year for the 48th National Society of Black Engineers (NSBE) 
Annual Convention 
At the 48th National Society of Black Engineers Annual Convention, in March 2022, Honeywell was 
recognized during the Golden Torch Awards as the National Partner of the Year. Honeywell received 
this award for its investment and involvement at all levels of NSBE (K-12, Collegiate, and Professional), 
including the NSBE/Honeywell Integrated Pipeline Program (NHIPP) and supporting the Summer 
Engineering Experience for Kids (SEEK) program and NSBE Professional Development Conference. The 
NHIPP is part of a three-year partnership with NSBE that focuses on Science, Technology, Engineering, 
and Mathematics (STEM) education for youth, collegiate scholarships and professional development. 
Honeywell made offers to more than 80 students in 2022.

TALENT DEVELOPMENT 

Diversity Career Advancement Program (DCAP) and Women’s Career Advancement Program (WCAP) 
Honeywell’s Diversity Career Advancement Program (DCAP) and Women’s Career Advancement Program 
(WCAP) are designed to empower a class of participants through workplace training and development and 
through expanding internal networks for promotional opportunities. Participants are paired with executive 
sponsors who advocate for them and their career aspirations. The year-long program includes monthly 
executive sponsor connects, monthly virtual meetings and an in-person session with executive sponsors, 
alumni and current year participants. Participants graduate in December with a virtual ceremony. Alumni 
get involved in future program activities by serving as speakers and sponsors.

Honeywell | Social | 64

 
HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

HOW TO FORGE 
YOUR OWN 
CAREER PATH: 
WOMEN 
SHARE THEIR 
EXPERIENCES

Maybe that means approaching an obstacle from a 
different perspective or by utilizing existing technology for 
a new application.

In your professional life, this could translate to taking on a 
new project that excites you or expressing interest in a 
new challenge. 

But how do you actually take that leap?

“Take responsibility and initiative to reach out and connect 
with people that are in a role you are interested in,” says Erika 
Kauffman, a Finance Director. 

Erika Kauffman 
Finance Director

“When given the opportunity to share your perspective, do so,” 
says Dionne Hamilton, a business General Counsel. 

Q. How can women forge their own career paths?

Paola Hernandez, a Communications Leader, says: “Think about 
where your skills and talents meet the needs of society.”

Erika, Dionne and Paola are members of this year’s Diversity 
Career Advancement Program (DCAP) and Women’s Career 
Advancement Program (WCAP) cohorts. The programs are 
designed to empower a class of participants through workplace 
training and development, as well as through expanding their 
internal networks for promotional opportunities. Participants are 
also paired with executive sponsors to help advocate for them 
and their career aspirations.

Get inspired by Erika, Paola and Dionne’s insights on taking 
charge of your professional growth.

Take responsibility and initiative to reach out and connect with 
people that are in a role you are interested in, to understand 
their responsibilities, background and skills they needed in their 
career growth to get to that point. And then speak with your 
supervisor or mentor on how you can develop those skills so you 
can be ready for the next opportunity.

Q. Tell us about how the Women’s Career Advancement 
Program is helping you make an impact.

It has already been impactful for me by connecting me with 
people of diverse backgrounds and roles. I have already learned 
of new potential opportunities. And personally, I have learned 
more about Inclusion and Diversity and how it benefits us all to 
embrace diversity in our teams. 

Honeywell | Social | 65

Women who are a part of career advancement programs at 
Honeywell share perspectives on professional growth – from 
embracing non-linear journeys to working with mentors 
and sponsors.

Being an innovator often means carving your own path.

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

summarize the program in one word. I chose “intentional.” 
The participants, sponsors and organizers are all focused on an 
intentional mission to increase diversity within Honeywell at the 
higher levels of the enterprise. That is enormously inspiring to 
me. During the program and immediately thereafter, I expanded 
my Honeywell network exponentially. With that network, my 
past and current experience – and by implementing my 
individual development plan – DCAP has set me up for greater 
success at Honeywell which is impactful for me both personally 
and professionally.

Paola Hernandez 
Communications Senior Director

Q. How can women forge their own career paths?

down with yourself first and evaluate where you see yourself in 
five to 10 years, that’s a good place to start. Think about where 
your skills and talents meet the needs of society.

I knew since I was in college that a career in communications 
was the right fit for me because I’ve always been outspoken, 
I like to write, I am a very good planner and am a detailedoriented person. These are all attributes that have contributed 
to my successful career in communications. I would also say 
that relationships are very important. Don’t burn bridges, treat 
everyone with respect, and always do the best job you can 
regardless of the circumstances you may find yourself in. 

Q. Tell us about how the Diversity Career Advancement 
Program is helping you make an impact.

The DCAP program has been incredibly refreshing. I had the 
opportunity to meet and learn from really smart and committed 
individuals at Honeywell. I also especially enjoyed listening 
to external speakers who helped reinforce the importance of 
being an inclusive leader. As I grow my professional as well as 
ministerial leadership skills, this is certainly a priority. Having 
come from a Hispanic background with limited financial 
resources and role models, my perspective may be different 
from someone who never went through that experience. This 
highlights how important it is for us to approach people as 
individuals, and this program brought this to light in a simple 
yet impactful way.

I would start by getting to know yourself better. Looking back, I 
wish had spent more time learning more about myself and what 
I enjoy doing versus just following a standard path. If you sit 

Find more stories featuring Futureshapers, and learn about 
Honeywell’s commitment to inclusion and diversity.

Honeywell | Social | 66

Dionne Hamilton 
Business General Counsel

Q. How can women forge their own career paths?

Keep focused on your objective, seek advice and input from 
those who have been successful in their journey, take on a high 
visibility assignment, and when given the opportunity to share 
your perspective, do so. 

The path is not necessarily an upward linear trajectory. There 
may be curves, and sometimes downward slopes to get on a 
different path, to reach that overarching objective. No journey is 
the same. Know that others have helped to forge that path and 
are there to help along the way. 

Q. Tell us about how the Diversity Career Advancement 
Program is helping you make an impact.

At the end of the first DCAP session I attended, I was asked to 

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

INCLUSIVE LEADERSHIP 

Building Strong Teams Through Inclusion and 
Empathic Leadership 
Developing and nurturing inclusive leaders and enriching the 
workplace with educational experiences to promote inclusion 
and diversity remains a top priority for Honeywell. The company 
continues to deploy unconscious bias and inclusive leadership 
training to educate all employees and influence behavior. Our 
event series, “Building Strong Teams Through Inclusion and 
Empathic Leadership,” brought together leaders and highlighted 
the value of empathic leadership skills to foster a more inclusive 
workplace. From the C-suite to the shop floor, company leaders 
are expected to exemplify behaviors that promote an open and 
inclusive culture. Honeywell helps managers develop this skill 
as they do any other leadership skill, by applying our Code of 
Business Conduct, training programs, interactive learning and 
real-time events. 

STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIPS 

Visionary Sponsor for the Annual Society of Hispanic 
Professional Engineers (SHPE) Convention 
The Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers is the largest 
association in the U.S. for Hispanics in science, technology, 
engineering and math (STEM) careers. As a proud partner of 
SHPE, Honeywell was the exclusive visionary sponsor for the 
annual SHPE National Convention in Charlotte, N.C. More than 
100 of our employees were involved in the event. Futureshapers 
shared Honeywell’s story, networked and helped recruit top 
talent. As part of Honeywell’s partnership, Suresh Venkatarayalu, 
Senior Vice President, Chief Technology and Innovation 
Officer and Honeywell Hispanic Employee Network (HHEN) 
Executive Sponsor, was the keynote speaker at the group’s STAR 
Awards. Cheya Dunlap, Vice President, Human Resources and 
Communications, Performance Materials and Technologies 
(PMT), participated in a leadership panel. Futureshaper Maira 
Garcia, Senior Advanced Systems Engineer, Aerospace, received 
a prestigious SHPE Star Award in the Diversity category.

Honeywell | Social | 67

BRANDING AND COMMUNICATION

Driving Innovation with Diversity 
As Futureshapers, Honeywell employees make an impact, 
make real connections and commit to personal growth and 
wellness. To attract and retain diverse talent, the company 
aims to showcase its culture and values as well as its 
commitment to I&D. The Honeywell Futureshapers brand 
campaign continues to focus on storytelling featuring a highly 
diverse group of Honeywell employees. It seeks to humanize 
the brand by authentically tying innovative solutions and 
technologies back to talented employees who think big and 
make it happen. Our Futureshapers are the driving force behind 
Honeywell technologies shaping the future. We firmly believe 
employees’ dedication and ingenuity drives our success and 
defines us as a company.

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

HONEYWELL 
EMPLOYEE NETWORKS 

HONEYWELL ALLABILITIES EMPLOYEE NETWORK (HAEN) 

• During National Disability Employment Awareness Month, former CEO Darius Adamczyk 

joined dozens of CEOs in pledging to hire inclusively, contract with disability-owned business 
enterprises and create accessible tools and technology for all. 

• Honeywell was named a 2022 Best Place to Work for Disability Inclusion by Disability:IN 
and the American Association of People with Disabilities. At the Disability:IN conference, 
Honeywell’s Josh Pascoe and Lisa Bickel were named recipients of the 2022 ERG Executive 
Sponsor of the Year Award. 

• Honeywell’s AllAbilities Employee Network recently hosted a company-wide Accessibility 

Ideathon. Employees submitted 75 innovative and inclusivity-driving ideas on how to extend 
accessibility within our offerings, communities, facilities and processes. 

MEET ESG FUTURESHAPER: ANNI LANO

Anni is an enthusiastic Senior Talent Manager with significant experience in talent 
management, accessibility, diversity, equity and inclusion. As a leader in the AllAbilities 
Network, Anni advocates for making the world accessible for Honeywell employees, 
customers and communities we serve. 

Honeywell | Social | 68

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

HONEYWELL ASIAN EMPLOYEE NETWORK (HASEN)

HONEYWELL BLACK EMPLOYEE NETWORK (HBEN) 

• The network launched on March 1, 2022. 

• Initiatives such as a South Asian Film Festival, cultural dress days and events with senior 

leaders highlighted Asian culture for solidarity and knowledge-sharing purposes. 

• Various sites across the globe celebrated cultural holidays such as Chinese New Year, Diwali, 

the Moon Festival, Holi and more. HASEN representatives at each site celebrated with cultural 
foods and educational materials.

MEET ESG FUTURESHAPER: CANDY CHATAWANICH

• Honeywell hosted the Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity Undergraduate Leadership Institute (ULI) 

in June 2022. The 2022 class of nearly 90 scholars representing 78 colleges and universities 
traveled to Honeywell’s global headquarters where they heard from Senior Vice President 
and Chief Financial Officer Greg Lewis, experienced the technology within the headquarters 
building, networked with Honeywell’s Black Employee Network members and learned about 
early career programs. 

• HBEN, in collaboration with various employee network allies, offered several events, sessions, 

activities and informational campaigns throughout the year, including programming to 
celebrate Martin Luther King Jr. Service Day, Black History Month and Juneteenth.

• Honeywell was a proud Platinum Sponsor at the National Society of Black Engineers’ 

Professional Development Conference. HBEN leaders participated in the event as panelists, 
workshop leads, recruiters and brand ambassadors.

Candy is engineering safer, quieter, and more fuel efficient missions. A college entry essay 
on microbes used to clean oil spills in the ocean inspired Candy’s path to becoming an 
engineer and having a real, practical impact on the world. Today, she’s leading a global 
team of engineers that ensures travelers and cargo travel safely, efficiently and on time. In 
addition to her engineering role, she also leads HASEN.

Honeywell | Social | 69

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

HEIGHTEN YOUR PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE (HYPE)/EARLY CAREER 

HONEYWELL HISPANIC EMPLOYEE NETWORK (HHEN) 

• The network officially launched June 29, 2022. 

• Honeywell was recognized by Prospanica, a nonprofit organization dedicated to empowering 

• Honeywell was recognized during the 2022 Women’s Choice Awards as being among the 
“Best Companies to Work For” in both the Diversity and Millennials categories. Data was 
compiled from a variety of publicly available sources and evaluated based on inclusion criteria. 
Companies that surpass the organization’s highest standards win the award. 

• Honeywell was recognized as one of the Top 100 internship programs in 2022 by talent 

acquisition companies Yello and Wayup for the company’s efforts to provide opportunities for 
unconscious bias training, employee network participation, community building and more.

Hispanic professionals, for the partnership to increase and maintain representation of 
Hispanics in leadership through talent development and advancement efforts. 

• As part of the celebrations for Hispanic Heritage Month, HHEN hosted a fireside chat with 

members of Honeywell’s Board of Directors, George Paz and Grace Lieblein. George and Grace 
shared their career journeys as Hispanic professionals and their advice to Futureshapers. 

• HHEN members participated in various Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers initiatives 

throughout the year, including the Southern Methodist University-Cox leadership program and 
the Mentor SHPE resume review. 

MEET ESG FUTURESHAPER: KHENDA MCINTEE

Senior IT Analyst Khenda McIntee is always seeking to learn new skills, make connections 
and create ideas. She is a member a co-chair of the HYPE network where she fosters a 
community for early career professionals to share challenges, resources and best practices. 

Honeywell | Social | 70

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

HONEYWELL GROWING EXPERIENCE EMPLOYEE NETWORK (HGEN)

HONEYWELL LGBTQ+ EMPLOYEE NETWORK

• The network launched with a kick-off event in October 2022. 

• Honeywell received the Rainbow Tick certification in New Zealand for its work in creating an 

• This network is for experienced and inter-generational professionals who want to use their 

unique career experiences to build an inclusive and impact-driven workplace. 

• In partnership with the HYPE Network, HGEN launched a mentorship program to connect 
employees with mentors who can offer insight, advice and opportunity, ultimately helping 
early-career employees navigate the next stage of their careers. 

open, diverse and inclusive workplace environment for employees in the LGBTQ+ communities. 
The Rainbow Tick program is a continual quality improvement program supporting workplace 
inclusion and diversity for members of the LGBTQ+ communities. 

• During June Pride Month celebrations, the network hosted more than 40 global events to 

support, celebrate and educate employees. 

• Honeywell Mexico was awarded the “Best Places to Work LGBTQ+” certification in the Human 

Rights Campaign Foundation’s (HRCF) annual Human Rights Campaign Equidad MX: 
Programa Global de Equidad Laboral, a survey evaluating LGBTQ+ workplace inclusion within 
major Mexican businesses and multinationals.

Honeywell | Social | 71

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

HONEYWELL VETERANS EMPLOYEE NETWORK (HVEN)

HONEYWELL WOMEN’S EMPLOYEE NETWORK (HWEN) 

• HVEN was a proud sponsor in the 5th Annual Travis Mills Golf Fundraiser in Mesa, Ariz. The 
Travis Mills Foundation supports veterans and their families through various programs that 
help these heroic men and women overcome physical and emotional obstacles, strengthen 
their families and provide well-deserved rest and relaxation. 

• During International Women’s Day 2022, then-Honeywell CEO Darius Adamczyk explained 
how the company intentionally invests in strong female leaders by providing programs that 
help women develop skills and gain experience that advance their careers. 

• In August, HWEN hosted a power walk in partnership with the non-profit organization Dress for 

• HVEN’s local chapters participated in several volunteer activities throughout the year. For 

Success. The network mobilized employees across the globe. 

example, the Minnesota Chapter raised more than $1,000 to support the Minnesota Special 
Olympics as part of a “Plane Pull” event. The Honeywell team pulled a 23-ton plane across the 
finish line in about 14 seconds, which earned them third place. 

• HVEN hosted and supported multiple virtual webinars including a military benefits 

presentation for HVEN members and career fairs in support of recruiting veteran talent to 
Honeywell.

• More than 100 Honeywell colleagues gathered in Houston, Texas, at WE22, the world’s largest 
conference for women in engineering and technology. The event, organized by the Society of 
Women Engineers (SWE), offered a valuable combination of networking, community building, 
recognition, professional development and inspirational content for women in engineering and 
technology professions. 

Honeywell | Social | 72

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

CORPORATE 
SOCIAL 
RESPONSIBILITY 

Honeywell’s global Corporate Social 
Responsibility initiatives improve lives and 
inspire change in communities around 
the world. Our partnerships and programs 
emphasize science, technology, engineering 
and mathematics (STEM) education; 
sustainability; humanitarian relief; and 
employee volunteerism – underpinned by our 
commitment to advance inclusion and diversity. 

By contributing our resources and unique expertise through 
employee volunteerism, Honeywell has delivered significant 
and meaningful results in the local communities where we 
work and live.

Honeywell | Social | 73

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

SHAPING THE NEXT 
GENERATION OF 
INNOVATORS 

Honeywell has partnered with organizations 
around the world to make science, technology, 
engineering and math (STEM) accessible 
and engaging to our next generation 
of Futureshapers. These programs and 
opportunities help put learning into action 
to inspire young people to pursue studies 
and careers in STEM-related disciplines. 

Every community needs a STEM-trained workforce of diverse 
individuals who are curious and eager to solve the world’s most 
pressing problems. We look forward to seeing these future 
innovators bring their ideas to life. 

Honeywell | Social | 74

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

STEM CHALLENGES AND PROGRAMS

INVESTING IN STEM EDUCATION

Honeywell has partnered with a variety of sports organizations 
to deliver unique STEM experiences that are especially relevant 
to children. 

Honeywell’s Futureshaper Robotics Program with the Arizona 
Diamondbacks MLB team provides STEM activities for young 
fans and hosts a robotics challenge for area schools. High 
school teams traveled to Chase Field in Phoenix to enter their 
robots in a pitching competition. The winning teams earned 
grant funding for their schools. 

The NBA’s Charlotte Hornets and Honeywell partnered with 
non-profit Digi-Bridge for its second annual “Futureshaper 
Design Experience.” The competition challenged students to 
create, manufacture and present fashion eyewear concepts to 
Hornets player Kelly Oubre Jr. for one of his gameday outfits. 
The challenge concluded with a design showcase event where 
students pitched their final eyewear designs to the basketball 
star and guests.

Honeywell launched an Industrial Automation Lab in 
conjunction with the University Politehnica of Bucharest’s 
Department of Automation and Computer Science to help 
students in Romania build the technical skills and knowledge 
required to join, compete and succeed in the global industrial 
automation sector. The state-of-the-art, hands-on lab is 
Honeywell’s third at the university in the last two years and 
the seventh lab opened by our Honeywell team in technical 
universities across the country. 

In South Africa, Honeywell partnered with the Gauteng 
Department of Education to open a STEM lab at the St. 
Barnabas School of Specialization to boost digital skills among 
participants. This program is one of many in the country 
designed to upskill local students and match them with STEMfocused jobs. 

AN OUT-OF-THIS-WORLD STEM EXPERIENCE

The Honeywell Leadership Challenge Academy infuses STEM 
curriculum and leadership development into a week-long camp 
for students. Hosted at the U.S. Space and Rocket Center in 
Huntsville, Ala., students from around the world form teams to 
build and launch model rockets, successfully complete space 
missions, and learn new skills that apply on earth and in space. 
Since starting the program in 2010, Honeywell has sponsored 
nearly 3,000 students to attend the unique space camp 
experience.

Honeywell | Social | 75

 
HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

SUSTAINABILITY 
TAKES ROOT 

Honeywell is committed to minimizing 
carbon emissions and enabling ways to be 
more sustainable as a corporation. Our CSR 
charter is designed to drive programs that 
help us build sustainable ecosystems in the 
communities we serve across the globe.

PLANT THE FUTURE PROGRAM 

Honeywell Hometown Solutions India Foundation (HHSIF), a 
philanthropic arm of Honeywell, partnered with the Give Me 
Trees Trust to launch “Plant the Future A million tree project.” 

The initiative supports the United Nations Decade of Ecosystem 
Restoration, which aims to protect and revive ecosystems 
across the globe. Plant the Trees took root in 2022 with an 
ambition to plant 1 million saplings across 10 cities by 2032. 

On April 22 – globally observed as Earth Day – Honeywell 
and Give Me Trees conducted a tree planting event in Pune 
and Bengaluru. More than 1,000 employee volunteers from 
Honeywell planted over 2,000 trees. It was the first kick-off 
activity of the three-year partnership between HHSIF and Give 
Me Trees. 

FUTURESHAPER SUSTAINABILITY CHALLENGE 

During the Futureshaper Sustainability Challenge, Honeywell 
partnered with the NFL’s Carolina Panthers to give students 
the opportunity to innovate new solutions to improve recycling 
at Bank of America Stadium, where the football team plays. The 
students worked with Honeywell engineers to create prototypes 
and later pitched their ideas, Shark-Tank style, to a panel 
of judges, including Panthers’ offensive tackle Ikem “Ickey” 
Ekwonu. 

The new concepts ranged from ideas to collect and compost 
excess food to ways to use reusable and biodegradable 
materials. 

The winner received a Honeywell grant to go to their school’s 
sustainability efforts, as well as recognition during halftime of 
the game. Students from Thomasboro Academy clinched the 

win with their “Packseez for your Snackeez” idea, which involves 
a reusable food and drink container fans could be rewarded for 
using on game day. 

Honeywell | Social | 76

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

VOLUNTEERING 
FOR THE 
GREATER GOOD

Honeywell’s annual Global Volunteering Month is a tradition 
that encourages our entire workforce to put their time and 
talents to work for the greater good. 

During the 2022 Global Volunteering Month, Honeywell 
employees enlisted their friends and families to plant urban 
gardens, collect clothing for donations, mentor students, pack 
hundreds of pounds of food to feed hungry families, and more. 
With hundreds of activities occurring around the globe in just 
30 days, Honeywell employees quadrupled our previous years’ 
investment in local communities, totaling more than 21,000 
volunteer hours throughout the year. 

Honeywell | Social | 77

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

FUTURESHAPERS 
MAKING AN IMPACT 

“Whether it’s putting together school 
supplies for 25,000 students, pruning 200+ 
trees with TreeCare Charlotte, or helping 
run real-world financial simulations for local 
schools at Junior Achievement, Honeywell 
has given me the opportunity to invest in 
causes and communities that I care deeply 
about.”

Austin Beebe
Senior Talent Acquisition Specialist

“Honeywell has established great 
relationships with not-for-profits in 
Charlotte. The volunteer opportunities have 
allowed me to apply my skills; assisting 
with both STEM and Sustainability 
Programs. This has been a win/win for me not only have I been able to make an impact 
on their initiatives, but I have met many new 
people and learned from those to whom I 
have volunteered my time.”

Sandra Bumstead
Senior Director, IT

“Many say that time is the most valuable 
resource and for me one of the most 
generous offers, so I like to use mine on 
activities that enrich and fulfill me while 
giving back to the community. I am happy 
that Honeywell provides us with the avenue 
to accomplish that.”

Sandra Papp
ISC Project Management Manager

Honeywell | Social | 78

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

HUMANITARIAN RELIEF POWERED BY EMPLOYEE GIVING 

RELIEF FUND IN RESPONSE TO TURKEY-SYRIA EARTHQUAKE

When a natural disaster strikes, the Honeywell Humanitarian Relief Foundation (HHRF) acts 
quickly, delivering direct assistance to employees and communities in need. The employeefunded nonprofit organization is designed to assist in both the immediate and long-term housing 
needs of Honeywell employees impacted by a natural disaster. 

Since the HHRF began in 2005, more than $7.7 million in relief assistance has been donated by 
thousands of employees and provided to 2,619 employees. In 2022, the HHRF gave $82,000 
to 74 employees. Generous employee donations also helped the HHRF rebuild 930 homes, four 
schools, nine medical clinics and one elder-care center.

Following a devastating earthquake in February 2023 on the Turkey-Syria border, causing 
extensive damage and the loss of thousands of lives, we worked with our global humanitarian 
relief partner, Operation USA, to launch the Earthquake Relief Fund to support the region’s rescue 
and rebuilding efforts. Through an employee donation campaign and company match, Honeywell 
contributed more than $320,000 to help those most impacted by the catastrophic natural 
disaster. 

Honeywell | Social | 79

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

BRIDGING THE 
DIGITAL 
DIVIDE GAP, 
ONE LAPTOP 
AT A TIME 

In today’s tech-forward world, it is critical that every home has 
access to the digital realm to do the basics like banking, health 
care, schoolwork, job applications, learning new skills and 
connecting with loved ones. 

Opening the digital doors for everyone is essential for upward 
economic mobility. Honeywell is dedicated to supporting efforts 
that close the digital divide, eliminating the gap between those 
who have and do not have access to devices, affordable internet 
service and digital skills. 

With this goal in mind, Honeywell committed to donating 
13,000 laptops in the Charlotte, N.C., region to non-profit 
partner Eliminate The Digital Divide (E2D). The non-profit 
agency works to give students affordable access to essential 
at-home technology and digital literacy training to support 
academic success. 

This $5 million market value investment will play a significant 
role in helping achieve the goal of reducing the digital divide 
in the Charlotte area. Honeywell’s gift will help shape a bright 
future for families, directly impacting 40,000 North Carolinians. 
E2D computers are used by an average of 3.2 family members 
per home, with 90% of laptops going to racially and ethnically 
diverse households. 

In addition to the laptops benefiting qualifying families, the 
significant size of the donation allowed E2D to hire more 
students to work in the non-profit’s computer labs to refurbish 
the laptops and prepare them for distribution. Many of these 
students are recruited from Title 1 schools and are preparing to 
work in STEM fields. 

President and Chief Digital Technology Officer at Honeywell. 
“This is essential for upward mobility and improved quality 
of life.” 

Honeywell’s gift is the latest in a series of commitments 
to improve racial equity and economic mobility. In recent 
years, Honeywell has committed more than $10 million to 
opportunity-based initiatives, including the Small Business 
Innovation Fund, the STEM Scholars Academy at Central 
Piedmont Community College and the Charlotte-Mecklenburg 
Schools Teacher Incubator. 

“This is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to Honeywell’s 
commitment to boosting digital opportunity for all, and we look 
forward to continuing to make an equitable future,” said Jordan.

“With this donation, the largest in E2D’s history, the Charlotte 
community is now 13,000 laptops closer to ensuring every 
home has a device and affordable internet service to be able to 
engage with the digital world,” said Sheila Jordan, Senior Vice 

With this laptop donation, Honeywell has set the bar for our 
corporate peers in the region. Our hope is that others follow suit 
by donating their used devices. Together, we can continue to 
develop sustainable solutions that bridge the digital divide. 

Honeywell | Social | 80

 
HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

GOVERNANCE

Honeywell | Governance | 81

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

Honeywell, led by the Board of Directors 
and management team, remains steadfastly 
committed to complying with laws and 
regulations in all jurisdictions in which we do 
business and to meet environmental, social 
and governance performance standards. 

This long-term strategy supports our Code of Business 
Conduct and Honeywell’s position as one of the world’s largest 
and most admired companies, as designated by Forbes. 

Honeywell | Governance | 82

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

INTEGRITY AND 
COMPLIANCE

Our Code of Business Conduct is a baseline set of requirements 
that defines how we treat employees, customers, suppliers, 
shareholders and communities around the world. It also 
empowers employees to recognize and report integrity and 
compliance issues, and to contribute toward upholding a work 
environment where everyone is treated ethically and with 
respect.

Through close collaboration with risk area owners and subject 
matter experts, Honeywell’s Integrity and Compliance team 
revises the Code of Business Conduct every year to ensure it 
remains up to date. The Code is translated into 28 languages.

The Code affirms our commitment to:

• Workplace respect, diversity and inclusion

• A work environment in which employees can communicate 

openly and voice concerns without fear of retaliation, 
intimidation or harassment

• A safe and healthy workplace

• Honest and fair business practices, avoiding conflicts of 

interests and prohibiting improper payments

• Maintaining accurate books and records 

• Robust data privacy and sound cybersecurity practices

ORGANIZATION AND LEADERSHIP 

Honeywell’s Integrity and Compliance Program is a Corporate 
Center of Excellence that provides a strong second line of 
defense to support our daily business operations. The company 
has a dedicated Integrity and Compliance organization that is 
led by the Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer, who 
also serves as Corporate Secretary and the Vice President and 
General Counsel, ESG. Both have direct access to the Board of 
Directors. 

These individuals co-chair the Corporate Integrity and 
Compliance Council, which includes integrity and compliance 
representatives from each strategic business group and region, 
as well as representatives from key compliance functions 
such as Cybersecurity, Data Privacy, Health and Safety, and 
Procurement. The Council monitors compliance with Honeywell 
policies and applicable laws and regulations, evaluates and 
monitors trends arising from misconduct investigations, 
promotes awareness of integrity and compliance topics 
throughout the organization, shares insights from employee 
ethical culture surveys, drives best practices, provides feedback 
on global integrity and compliance program enhancements and 
assists in development and implementation of integrity and 
compliance initiatives. 

The integrity and compliance representatives from the strategic 
business groups and regions are responsible for effective 
implementation and continuing effectiveness of integrity 
and compliance initiatives in the areas they represent. Their 
responsibilities include monitoring trends and concerns 
arising from misconduct investigations, providing feedback 
on the program and sharing lessons learned for continuous 
improvement.

The Integrity and Compliance organization also appoints Ethics 
Ambassadors who serve as liaisons for integrity and compliance 
activities at Honeywell locations around the world. Their key 
responsibilities include driving integrity communication and 
awareness efforts and collaborating with the Integrity and 
Compliance organization to advance program objectives to 
further an ethical culture in our businesses and locations. 

Honeywell | Governance | 83

 
 
HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

INTEGRITY AND COMPLIANCE
THERE ARE NO SHORTCUTS

Honeywell has built a legacy of providing a wide range of 
products and services that solve some of the world’s toughest 
challenges. 

history; it’s something we should be very, very proud of, and 
it’s something that we need to maintain for ourselves, for our 
customers and for the next generation of Futureshapers.” 

“Put simply, if we compromise on our integrity, our ethics, our 
values, it would be the equivalent of building something really 
grand on a very weak foundation that will fall apart at any 
moment,” said Billal Hammoud, President and CEO – Honeywell 
Building Technologies. “There’s nothing we do that will ever 
justify compromising our integrity and ethics.” 

“Our values and our behaviors are very, very important to us,” 
Boldea pointed out. “Way more important than living up to a 
financial commitment that we made for a given time frame. So 
none of our team members should ever feel the pressure to 
compromise their integrity, their ethics, their values to achieve a 
short-term business result.” 

The pressure to maintain this high level of performance falls on 
every employee. 

“Solving complex problems and doing so quickly, is part of what 
we do at Honeywell,” according to George Koutsaftes, President 
and CEO – Safety Productivity Solutions. “So acting with a 
sense of urgency is key to what we do.” 

It’s how employees react at that moment that reveals their 
integrity and defines the corporation’s reputation. 

“Business pressure can come in many forms, whether it’s a 
tight deadline, a financial target or a challenging customer 
relationship,” Kevin Dehoff, President and CEO – Honeywell 
Connected Enterprise, added. “However, there is never an 
excuse to compromise our integrity. We must always strive to 
make decisions that align with our values and the standards of 
this organization.” 

“We benefit as a company by having a brand that means 
integrity,” said Lucian Boldea, President and CEO – Honeywell 
Performance Materials and Technologies. “It’s a legacy; it’s a 

Honeywell | Governance | 84

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

And that responsibility begins with management. 

Our senior executives set the expectation that it is 
management’s responsibility to uphold the ethics and integrity 
of our company, “As leaders, we bear a huge responsibility to 
make sure that our team members believe that integrity is more 
important than short-term results.” 

“It first starts with leading by example,” Koutsaftes said. He said 
leaders can: 

• Show your team how you make decisions every day that are 
material, important decisions. There’s no gray line that you 
straddle – it’s black and white.

• Make clear communications and regular communications 
to your people. Inform them of the importance of our value 
framework of ethics and integrity.

• Make sure you are responsible, and you have a system of 

being responsive to your people. Give them the opportunity to 
escalate their concerns where ethics and integrity might be in 
question. 

“There are a number of ways to raise a concern in our company,” 
Boldea said. “We don’t want anybody to feel pressured here. 
Frankly, if you’re working in an environment where you feel 
pressured to do something unethical, you should speak up, even 
if it means filing a complaint anonymously or unanonymously.”

“As leaders, we need to create an environment where employees 
feel comfortable raising concerns and seeking support when 
facing difficult ethical dilemmas,” Dehoff added. 

“I don’t want to have a single team member come into work 
thinking they cannot do the right thing out of risk for retaliation 
or out of pressure that they perceive if such a situation exists,” 
Boldea emphasized. 

“It’s not a balancing act to make urgent decisions along with our 
ethics and integrity,” Koutsaftes said. “It starts with the values 
of ethics and integrity about how we conduct our business. And 
that makes it easy for us to make daily decisions that are urgent 
in nature that recognize the value and foundations of ethics and 
integrity.” 

Honeywell has an open-door policy in which all employees can 
and should raise any concerns about integrity and compliance 
to the ACCESS Integrity Helpline or any of the reporting 
channels available, the executives said.

“If anyone thinks they are under pressure to compromise, they 
should stop – talk to HR, talk to their manager, call the integrity 
line,” Hammoud said. “We have plenty of avenues here that are 
very safe to report any such pressure. We compete effectively, 
and we do things the right way. That’s the Honeywell way. 
Period.” 

Honeywell | Governance | 85

 
 
HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

BOARD OVERSIGHT 

The Board of Directors has overall oversight responsibility for 
integrity and compliance at Honeywell, and the Corporate 
Governance and Responsibility Committee (CGRC), the 
Audit Committee and the Management Development and 
Compensation Committee (MDCC) each play a role in providing 
oversight over Honeywell’s Integrity and Compliance program. 

The CGRC receives reports from the Chief Compliance Officer 
at each meeting. Topics reported by the Chief Compliance 
Officer include the company’s integrity and ethics program, 
whistleblower and investigations program, ethics assessment 
results and critical regulatory compliance programs. 

The Audit Committee receives annual reports regarding 
the company’s compliance risk management program and 
quarterly reports detailing significant accounting and controls 
investigations, along with disciplinary and other corrective 
actions taken in response to substantiated allegations. 

The MDCC receives quarterly summaries detailing any 
significant, substantiated human resources investigations 
(including those involving discrimination, harassment, 
workplace respect and workplace violence) and disciplinary 
actions taken in response. 

KEY ELEMENTS OF OUR INTEGRITY AND 
COMPLIANCE PROGRAM 

• The ACCESS Integrity Helpline is a 24-hour, multilingual 

service operated by an independent third-party provider that 
is open to all internal and external stakeholders. 

• Integrity and Compliance councils operate at the corporate, 

business unit and regional levels. 

• An Ethics Ambassador Program empowers business leaders 
around the globe to champion integrity and compliance 
topics with employees. 

• Mandatory company-wide training for all employees in 
health, safety and environmental responsibility, nondiscrimination, harassment, conflicts of interest, anticorruption, cybersecurity, data privacy and trade controls. 

• Robust and frequent communications to engage all levels of 
the company on the criticality of integrity and compliance. 

• Comprehensive training on key compliance topics in over 20 

languages. 

• Essential compliance tools that offer real-time visibility into 

business transactions. 

• Global compliance teams in regions at elevated risk for 

compliance concerns. 

• Frequent self-assessments, independent internal and thirdparty reviews and audits of compliance risk areas. 

• Internal risk assessments evaluate the strength of our ethics 
and compliance program against standards informed by 
government authorities and industry best practices. 

• Robust integration processes ensure newly acquired 
companies understand and comply with Honeywell 
principles, policies, and procedures. 

• The Internal Audit organization conducts independent audits 

of various compliance program elements to help ensure 
policies and procedures are operating as designed. 

ANTI-CORRUPTION PROGRAM 

Honeywell has a well-established, global anti-corruption 
program designed to detect, investigate and remediate any 
issues related to potential anti-corruption and anti-bribery 
concerns using modern, digital tools and experienced, globallydispersed personnel located in high-risk regions to execute the 
elements of the program. 

The foundation of this program is our company-wide anticorruption policy. Available in over 20 languages, this policy 
applies to all employees, directors, sales intermediaries, 
suppliers and vendors, and prohibits offering, making or 

Honeywell | Governance | 86

 
 
 
 
HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

accepting a bribe; making any facilitation payments or retaining 
a third party when there is a reason to suspect an improper 
payment. 

verification that a proper basis for payment has been logged 
into the approval system. Honeywell also conducts continuous 
monitoring of suppliers through its supplier due diligence 
program. 

Honeywell’s anti-corruption organization is led by our Vice 
President and General Counsel for Anti-Corruption, who 
supervises a team of professionals with diverse backgrounds 
in law, auditing and analytics. The team is dispersed globally 
with on-the-ground presence in key geographies. Honeywell 
also has a due diligence and analytics center of excellence 
responsible for maintaining compliance processes, conducting 
due diligence on customer and supplier third parties, and using 
data analytics to identify indicators of risk. 

HONEYWELL HAS IMPLEMENTED A SUITE 
OF DIGITAL TOOLS AND PROCESSES TO 
ENABLE THE ANTI-CORRUPTION PROGRAM, 
INCLUDING A HONEYWELL-UNIQUE RISK MAP 
BASED UPON OVER 1,000 DATA ELEMENTS.

Honeywell uses a risk assessment to allocate resources and 
implement standard risk mitigation actions based upon the 
anti-corruption risk profile of our business that includes 
tailored in-person and online annual anti-corruption training. 
Honeywell requires all payments to commissioned sales agents 
to be processed through its sales intermediary end-to-end 
tool, a homegrown digital process that engages in automated 
screening for risk, enables mandatory advanced approval 
of commissioned sales agents, and blocks payments until 

INTEGRITY AND ETHICS CERTIFICATION, TRAINING 
AND COMMUNICATION 

To hold our workforce to Honeywell’s integrity and ethics 
standards, all officers and employees are required to complete 
annual Code of Business Conduct training, and, where 
permitted by law, Honeywell requires all officers and employees 
to annually certify their compliance with its tenets. 

Honeywell is committed to obtaining annual Code of Business 
Conduct certification from 100% of all eligible employees at 
all levels of the organization, including production employees, 
part-time employees and interns. The completion status of this 
training and certification requirement is reported to the CGRC 
each year. Honeywell also requires individual contractors and 
subcontractors to complete Code of Conduct training as part of 
their onboarding process. 

Honeywell’s mandatory, annual Code of Business Conduct 
training and certification process ensures that all eligible 
employees receive training on high-priority integrity and 
compliance topics on a timely and regular basis. Topics that 
have been addressed include workplace harassment, conflicts 
of interests, anti-corruption, accurate books and records, 
cybersecurity and data privacy. 

New employees must complete Code of Business Conduct 
training within 30 days of hire. We also assign other 
comprehensive and mandatory compliance learning within 60 
days of hire depending on the new employee’s role and location, 
including training related to handling conflicts of interests, anticorruption, antitrust, records management, data privacy and 
cybersecurity. 

Honeywell empowers and expects our people managers to 
communicate openly with their team members regarding the 
importance of conducting themselves with integrity. That 
includes fostering an environment that encourages candid 
discussion of integrity and compliance topics and how to raise 
and report any instances of ethical misconduct. The Integrity 
and Compliance team works with the Communications 
Department to establish an annual communications plan based 
on misconduct violation trends, enterprise risk management 

Honeywell | Governance | 87

 
 
HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

results and audit findings. The communications plan includes 
initiatives to drive integrity awareness communications across 
Honeywell, including through town halls, newsletters and 
monthly integrity awareness manager toolkits that provide 
people managers with ready-to-use materials to support 
discussion of integrity and compliance topics with their teams. 
Monthly integrity awareness communications have covered 
topics such as workplace respect, diversity and inclusion, 
conflicts of interest, anti-corruption and the importance of 
accurate books and records. 

WHISTLEBLOWER PROGRAM 

Honeywell ensures allegations of suspected violations of the 
Code of Business Conduct, company policies and applicable 
laws or regulations are investigated promptly, thoroughly, 
competently and confidentially. Honeywell’s ACCESS Integrity 
helpline is a 24-hour, multilingual service operated by an 
independent third-party provider that enables any internal or 
external stakeholder to report known or suspected violations. 
Anyone who reports a concern has the option to do so 
anonymously. 

HONEYWELL INVESTIGATES AND 
RESPONDS TO 100% OF THE ALLEGATIONS 
REPORTED THROUGH ACCESS INTEGRITY 

or otherwise brought to the attention of the Integrity and 
Compliance organization. Employees found to have engaged 
in conduct that is a violation of our Code of Business Conduct, 
company policy, or applicable laws or regulations are subject to 

discipline, up to and including termination, in compliance with 
all local requirements. 

Honeywell will not tolerate any form of retaliation for good 
faith reporting of actual or potential misconduct and 
communicates this policy to all employees, including through 
training required as part of the annual Code of Business 
Conduct certification process that applies to all employees 
where legally permissible. Our no-retaliation policy requires 
employees who report a compliance concern or suspected 
violation in good faith will not be subject to any disciplinary 
action or reduction in force without the advance approval of the 
Law Department. Honeywell investigates and responds to all 
allegations of retaliation in any form, including but not limited 
to threats, harassment, reprimands, suspension of payment of 
compensation or benefits, transfers or demotions. 

HUMAN RIGHTS 

Honeywell’s Code of Business Conduct, Supplier Code of 
Business Conduct, and our Human Rights Policy address 
a broad range of human and workplace rights in our global 
operations and supply chain to ensure fairness, ethical behavior, 
dignity, and respect.

HONEYWELL’S COMMITMENT TO HUMAN RIGHTS 
IS GROUNDED IN INTERNATIONAL HUMAN 
RIGHTS PRINCIPLES THAT INDEPENDENT 
ORGANIZATIONS HAVE PROPOSED, SUCH AS 
THE UNITED NATIONS GUIDING PRINCIPLES ON 

BUSINESS AND HUMAN RIGHTS, TEN PRINCIPLES 
OF THE UNITED NATIONS GLOBAL COMPACT, 
THE INTERNATIONAL LABOR ORGANIZATION’S 
DECLARATION ON FUNDAMENTAL PRINCIPLES 
AND RIGHTS AT WORK, 

and all applicable laws of the jurisdictions where we operate. 

Our Human Rights Policy applies to all Honeywell workers 
worldwide, including contingent workers, agents, and candidates 
for hire. Honeywell also requires suppliers to uphold human 
rights principles as described in Honeywell’s Supplier Code of 
Conduct. These expectations are endorsed by Honeywell’s Chief 
Executive Officer and are reinforced through various internal 
and external communication channels. 

Key elements of our Human Rights Policy include inclusion and 
diversity, workplace respect, freedom of association, a safe and 
healthy workplace, workplace security, work hours and wages, 
forced labor and human trafficking, child labor and rights of 
local communities and those who live and work there. 

In 2023, Honeywell conducted a global human rights impact 
assessment to better understand Honeywell’s potential 
human rights impacts through the support of an expert 
advisory firm. Comprising interviews with internal stakeholders, 
industry information, country risk information and review of 
documentation, the assessment has informed improvement 
areas that are being considered to improve our policies, 
processes, training and other compliance controls in place to 
continue to fulfill our Human Rights commitments. 

Honeywell | Governance | 88

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

DATA PROTECTION 
AND CYBERSECURITY

Honeywell is committed to protecting the personal data of 
employees, customers, suppliers and others who entrust their 
data to us as well as the technology resources we provide to 
our employees and others. As such, Honeywell has in place 
appropriate data privacy and cybersecurity organizational 
structures, policies and procedures to respect individual privacy 
rights and promote data protection and information security. 

Honeywell | Governance | 89

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

DATA PRIVACY GOVERNANCE 

Honeywell’s Global Data Privacy Program led by our Chief 
Privacy Officer includes a dedicated in-house data privacy team 
within the Law Department (the “Data Privacy Function”), which 
monitors developments in data privacy regulation globally. 
The Data Privacy Function is responsible for overseeing our 
data protection strategy and its implementation to ensure 
compliance with applicable data protection regulations 
worldwide. A Data Privacy Governance Council led by the 
Chief Privacy Officer and comprised of cross-functional senior 
leadership meets regularly for strategic alignment and policy 
decision-making. A Digital Marketing Governance Council, led 
by the Chief Privacy Officer and senior Sales and Marketing 
leadership, promotes collaboration on data privacy issues in 
digital marketing and online advertising. 

DATA PRIVACY PRINCIPLES 

Honeywell’s data privacy policies and practices have been 
established across Honeywell’s products and business 

operations and promote adherence to data privacy principles 
commonly recognized around the world, including: 

• We fairly and lawfully process personal data for legitimate

business purposes.

• We strive to use the minimum amount of personal data

needed to accomplish our objectives and avoid processing
personal data when possible.

• We do not share personal data with anyone, inside or outside
our Company, who does not have a business need to know it.

• We make our privacy practices transparent and clear to

individuals.

• We provide mechanisms for individuals to exercise applicable

legal rights.

• We have measures in place to comply with applicable law

regarding cross-border data sharing.

• We securely delete personal data when it is no longer needed
and in accordance with our Records Management Policy.

• We secure personal data in accordance with global standards.

TRAINING AND AWARENESS 

At Honeywell, we ensure our employees understand data 
protection is everyone’s responsibility. Toward that end, 
Honeywell deploys mandatory all-employee training on data 
privacy and cybersecurity issues during onboarding and as 
part of annual Code of Business Conduct training. Honeywell 

also requires job-specific data privacy training for certain 
roles. We conduct phishing scenario learning experiences and 
cybersecurity knowledge campaigns to maintain awareness of 
these ongoing threats. 

PRIVACY AND SECURITY BY DESIGN 

Honeywell applies data privacy and security-by-design 
principles from the beginning stages of the development of 
products, processes, systems and services involving personal 
data, leveraging a robust Privacy Impact Assessment program 
and data lifecycle design practices. Our processes incorporate 
data privacy and cybersecurity starting at the beginning of any 
new product development process, in-depth security testing 
throughout the development process and review before those 
products or services are released, updated or offered for sale to 
Honeywell customers. Our approach to product cybersecurity 
also includes vulnerability management, incident response and 
security bulletins. 

Honeywell | Governance | 90

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

CYBERSECURITY 

Honeywell’s cybersecurity framework safeguards the 
confidentiality, integrity and availability of information assets 
and ensures that all regulatory, operational and contractual 
requirements are fulfilled. Our policies and practices include 
regular internal and external audits; vulnerability assessments 
and penetration testing of the company’s systems, products 
and practices; and robust measures to monitor and respond 
to data breach and cybersecurity incidents. The framework 
is aligned to industry standards including: NIST SPs 800-53 
and 800-171, International Organization for Standardizations 
(ISO) 27001, 27702 and 22301, Payment Card Industry Data 
Security Standard (PCI DSS), Sarbanes Oxley (SOX) and the 
Cloud Security Alliance (CA) program. In addition, the company 
has received Cyber Essential Scheme (CES) certification and 
ISO 27001 certification for certain businesses, complies with 
the IASME standard, has completed the Cyber GRX Tier 3 
assessment and maintains a cybersecurity insurance policy.

Honeywell leverages a defensive in-depth model for 
cybersecurity, enabling multiple levels of protection against 
threats. Our integration of protective and detective controls 
helps us prevent, defend and rapidly respond to security risks 
for both our internal systems and customer-facing products 
and services. Our program is built on industry standards and 
constantly evolves to meet the ever-changing threat landscape. 

AUDIT 

Honeywell’s Corporate Audit department provides independent 
assurance in accordance with Institute of Internal Auditors 
standards (IIA). Corporate Audit is directly responsible to 
Honeywell’s Audit Committee on behalf of the Board of 
Directors and is not constrained by management in the 
performance of its duties. Corporate Audit periodically 
evaluates Honeywell’s governance and operations related 
to cybersecurity and privacy to determine that risks are 
appropriately identified and managed, ensure compliance to 
the Company’s policies and procedures, and adherence with all 
applicable laws and regulations. 

process personal data on behalf of Honeywell or our customers 
are required to comply with stringent data processing standards.

 INCIDENT RESPONSE 

SUPPLIER RISK MANAGEMENT 

Honeywell’s Supplier Risk Management standard establishes 
requirements for engaging and managing suppliers who 
process, store, produce, communicate with or otherwise access 
Honeywell information, assets or services. Our Supplier Code 
of Business Conduct and contracts require suppliers comply 
with privacy and cybersecurity requirements, and suppliers that 

Honeywell maintains robust data privacy and cybersecurity 
incident response policies and procedures that allow us to 
respond responsibly and promptly to potential data security 
incidents. Our incident response standards, processes 
and procedures include incident identification, response 
management, root cause analysis and reporting, including 
appropriate disclosures to regulators, law enforcement, affected 
individuals, customers and other stakeholders in accordance 
with law, contract and relevant standards.

Honeywell | Governance | 91

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

MEET ESG
FUTURESHAPERS

“I love working for a company that shares 
my values and fosters an environment of 
community – both in our buildings and in 
our towns. Honeywell provides us the time, 
space and encouragement to participate in 
various types of pro bono projects. Offering 
support to the most vulnerable members of 
our community is the right thing to do, and 
has the added benefit of being incredibly 
rewarding, personally and professionally.”

Dawn Savarese
Assistant General Counsel, Productivity Solutions 
and Services

“As a member of Honeywell’s Litigation 
Center of Excellence (CoE), I am responsible 
for managing and supporting the eDiscovery 
response for litigation including strategy and 
roadmap development, provider management 
and cost-saving initiatives. I love that Honeywell 
encourages the exploration of innovative and 
creative technologies to solving the world’s most 
complex eDiscovery-related challenges. 

In 2022, we assessed and employed the use of 
analytics, artificial intelligence, machine learning 
and other technologies, resulting in significant 
risk and cost reductions for our organization. 
Technology is constantly changing, and as a 
result, we’re learning how to use it to shape the 
future. I’m so excited to learn more about how to 
make a difference in this space!”

Sarah Sawvell
Legal Operations Manager

Honeywell | Governance | 92

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

BOARD OF 
DIRECTORS

The Board of Directors’ Corporate Governance and 
Responsibility Committee (CGRC) places an emphasis 
on ensuring Board members demonstrate the right 
leadership traits, personality, work ethic, independence 
and diversity of background to align with Honeywell’s 
performance culture and long-term strategic vision. 

When identifying Board candidates, the CGRC requires qualified 
candidates who are diverse with respect to race, ethnicity and/or 
gender are included in the pool from which any new director nominee 
is selected, and that one or more diverse candidates are interviewed 
before a successful candidate is identified. 

This is to ensure we continue to enhance both the diversity of the 
Board and the perspectives and values that are discussed in Board 
and committee meetings. 

The Board uses a skills and experience matrix to facilitate the review 
of our directors’ skills versus those deemed necessary to oversee 
the company’s current strategy. The skills included in the matrix are 
evaluated against the company’s articulated strategy each year so the 
matrix can serve as an up-to-date tool for identifying director nominees 
who collectively possess the complementary experience, qualifications, 
skills and attributes to guide the company. 

Honeywell | Governance | 93

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

BOARD OF DIRECTORS HIGHLIGHTS1 

• 9 of 11 directors are independent 

• 4 new directors added in the last 4 years 

• 4 of 11 directors are women 

• 5 of 11 directors are ethnically or racially diverse 

• 1 of 3 committees is chaired by a woman 

• 8 of 11 directors have CEO experience 

• ~6.5 years average tenure 

• Skills and experiences aligned to our strategic 

direction 

• Requirement to interview diverse candidate 

1As of April 6, 2023

BOARD OVERSIGHT OF ESG 

The Board and the CGRC proactively oversee the company’s 
overall environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
performance. The CGRC has responsibility for reviewing 
Honeywell’s ESG performance, strategies, goals and objectives, 
monitoring ESG risks and opportunities, and overseeing 
ESG disclosure. Each Board committee then has oversight 
responsibility over discrete ESG risk and opportunity areas as 
delegated by the Board, supported by regular engagement with 

the senior leaders accountable for the respective areas. The 
Board leverages our Enterprise Risk Management program and 
strategic planning process to identify and prioritize ESG risks 
and opportunities, assess the company’s performance and 
monitor risk mitigation efforts. 

is conducted by the ERM Global Leader with other relevant 
industry peers and consulting and risk management firms to 
identify best practices and deploy risk management programs 
or risk framework improvements. 

ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT 

The Board uses an Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) program 
as a key tool for understanding the range of risks facing 
Honeywell, as well as assessing the design and effectiveness 
of management’s processes, procedures and practices for 
mitigating those risks. The ERM assessment deployed by 
management is robust, based on both an enterprise-wide 
“top down” and “bottom up” view of commercial, strategic, 
legal, compliance, cyber and reputational risks, and the 
strategies in place to mitigate those risks. The ERM framework 
also incorporates ESG risks and opportunities, enabling a 
thorough assessment of the company’s performance across 
the ESG landscape. As part of the ERM program, there are 
several distinct touchpoints with each SBG Leadership Team 
throughout the year and other strategic functional leaders 
to discuss results of risk assessments performed through 
the year and emerging risks. The Vice President and staff of 
the Corporate Audit Department, and the Vice President and 
General Counsel, ESG, facilitate the ERM program and are 
primarily responsible for the annual assessment. The Senior 
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and the Senior Vice 
President and General Counsel review ERM results with the full 
Board, the CGRC and Audit Committee each year. As part of 
continuous improvement for the ERM program, benchmarking 

SHAREOWNER ENGAGEMENT 

Honeywell maintains a robust shareowner engagement program 
that features year-round opportunities for its Board and 
senior management, including our independent Lead Director, 
the chairs of our Corporate Governance and Responsibility 
Committee (CGRC) and Management, Development and 
Compensation Committee (MDCC), and executive officers, 
to engage in dialogue with key stakeholders. Based on this 
dialogue, we have implemented actions over the last several 
years to increase shareowner rights, enhance the Board’s 
structure, increase transparency on political and climate 
lobbying, commit to disclose our EEO-1 report, and augment 
our commitment to sustainability and corporate responsibility. 

In 2023, we invited our top 100 shareowners to meet in advance 
of our Annual Meeting of Shareowners. From Fall 2022 through 
Spring 2023, we held 41 meetings with shareowners, with 17 
led by our Lead Director, CGRC Chair and/or MDCC Chair. Our 
shareowner engagement program has covered topics such as 
our business strategy, comprehensive portfolio review, corporate 
governance practices, executive compensation programs, CEO 
succession, political lobbying disclosures, climate change, 
inclusion and diversity, human capital management, human 
rights, sustainability, social responsibility and humanitarian 
relief initiatives.

Honeywell | Governance | 94

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

MAINTAINING EXPERTISE IN 
SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT

We believe responsible supply chain management is critical to 
upholding our commitment to integrity and compliance, mitigating 
financial risk and acting as a good corporate citizen. 

Honeywell’s Integrated Supply Chain (ISC) activities are managed by a global team of seasoned 
professionals who manage tens of thousands of suppliers around the globe. Our professionals have 
expertise in procurement, supply management, operations management, logistics, supplier resiliency 
and supply chain performance optimization.

Our management structure ensures we have the necessary expertise to support the breadth and 
complexity of our supply chain operations.

Honeywell | Governance | 95

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

SUPPLY CHAIN INTEGRITY: ROLES AND 
RESPONSIBILITIES

CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER

SENIOR VP AND 
CHIEF SUPPLY 
CHAIN OFFICER

SENIOR VP 
AND GENERAL 
COUNSEL

VP AND CHIEF 
PROCUREMENT 
OFFICER

VP AND GENERAL 
COUNSEL, SUPPLY 
CHAIN

VP and Chief Procurement Officer Overall responsibility for 
procurement, supplier risk monitoring and mitigation, supplier 
social responsibility, and supplier adherence to the Supplier 
Code of Business Conduct. 

VP and General Counsel, Supply Chain Overall responsibility 
for legal compliance of suppliers, including setting standardized 
contract language to ensure compliance with legal and 
Honeywell requirements. 

SUPPLIER CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT 

• Engage in environmentally sound and sustainable 

Honeywell’s Supplier Code of Business Conduct sets forth 
our commitment to integrity and compliance within our 
global supply chain. We require all our suppliers to adhere 
to the Supplier Code of Business Conduct and ensure these 
requirements are also met within their supply chain. Supplier 
adherence to Honeywell’s Supplier Code of Business Conduct is 
a key consideration when we make sourcing decisions. 

Honeywell’s Supplier Code of Business Conduct requires its 
suppliers to: 

• Provide their employees with a safe working environment

• Treat their workers with dignity and respect 

manufacturing processes 

• Comply with the law in all countries where they conduct 

business 

• Foster a culture in which employees and managers can 
communicate openly and raise concerns without fear of 
retaliation, intimidation or harassment 

Key elements of our Supplier Code of Business Conduct include: 

• Labor and Human Rights: Including fair treatment of 
employees, no child or involuntary labor, fair wages and 
benefits, subcontractor compliance and acceptable living 
conditions 

• Health and Safety: Including occupational safety, 

emergency preparedness and sanitation 

• Environmental: Including environmental permits, waste, and 
pollution management; labeling and warning requirements, 
hazardous substance management, and reporting, 
and appropriate programs to understand and mitigate 
greenhouse gas emissions in their operations, facilities and 
supply chain 

• Integrity and Compliance: Including books and 

recordkeeping, business integrity, protection of intellectual 
property, substance abuse, responsible sourcing of minerals, 
adherence applicable trade controls and quality 

• Management Systems: Including management 

accountability, risk management, training, standards, audits, 
third-party diligence and assessments 

Honeywell | Governance | 96

 
HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

SUPPLIER DIVERSITY 

SUPPLY CHAIN DUE DILIGENCE 

Screening of New Suppliers 
Honeywell has an ongoing policy of screening and vetting new 
suppliers. As part of the screening process, Honeywell considers 
vetted reliable sources that identify supplier compliance risks, 
including labor and human rights, fraud, illegal activities, 
corruption, environmental crimes, trade risks and other 
Supplier Code of Business Conduct considerations. Identified 
compliance risks are reviewed and vetted by subject matter 
experts. 

Ongoing Monitoring of Existing Suppliers 
In addition, Honeywell has implemented a real-time continuous 
monitoring diligence program that applies to existing suppliers. 
The monitoring program considers vetted reliable sources 
and monitors for a variety of compliance risks, including labor 
and other human rights, fraud, illegal activities, corruption, 
environmental crimes, trade risks, sanctions and other 
Supplier Code of Business Conduct considerations. The 

Honeywell understands the importance of supplier diversity in 
creating a more inclusive and equitable business environment. 
Our supplier diversity strategy is carefully designed to promote 
supplier diversity, foster inclusion and create equal opportunities 
within our procurement processes. 

We’ve established clear policies and procedures that effectively 
guide our team in executing our supplier diversity program. 
These best practices are continuously reviewed and refined, 
ensuring our environment actively promotes supplier diversity, 
inclusion and equitable access opportunities. 

Our supplier diversity program leverages tools with industryleading data to ensure accuracy and compliance. Through 
collaboration with a trusted third-party organization, we have 
established a robust system to maintain a transparent and 
reliable record of our supplier diversity spend. 

Furthermore, by partnering with this third-party organization 
that specializes in supplier diversity tracking, we ensure small 
and diverse suppliers looking to partner with our organization 
can use the support of our third-party agency to assist with 
getting certified. Resources are offered through the Supplier 
Diversity Portal. 

We recognize the value and strength diverse-owned companies 
bring to our supply chain, and we are committed to supporting 
and empowering these businesses. 

program considers and applies different levels of screening 
for each supplier, depending upon a variety of risk factors that 
includes geography and industry. Review and clearance by an 
appropriate subject matter expert is required when a supplier 
generates a finding against any of the compliance or Supplier 
Code of Business Conduct elements. 

Supplier On-Site Audits 
Each year, we work with a qualified third party to conduct onsite audits of certain high-risk suppliers using a standardized 
assessment that incorporates the requirements of our Supplier 
Code of Business Conduct. We prioritize high-risk suppliers 
when selecting suppliers for on-site audits, based on an analysis 
that takes into account global high-risk geographies, spend, 
industry and other elements as prescribed by the Integrity and 
Compliance function and the Law Department. Risk factors 
assessed in the audits include, but are not limited to, child labor, 
wages and benefits, air emissions, protection of intellectual 
property, environmental impact, reasonable work hours and 
human trafficking. 

This process includes conducting thorough on-site audits that 
gather information from an on-site walkthrough, employee and 
management interviews, and documentation review on payroll 
information, policies, training logs, permits, verification of 
waste management procedures and worker’s safety conditions. 
Corrective action plans are required for any gaps identified 
in audit results and are assigned an owner who consistently 
monitors progress against agreed-upon timelines with the 
expectation that nonconformance items will be fully resolved. 
Significant findings may lead to the immediate removal of a 
supplier from Honeywell’s approved supplier list. 

Honeywell | Governance | 97

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

Examples of significant findings might include: 

• Labor and Human Rights: Excessive overtime, unpaid 
hours, involuntary labor, or unfair treatment, including 
discrimination and harassment 

• Health and Safety: No health permits or health audits; 
blocked, unmarked, or unlighted emergency exits; and 
improper or no personal protective equipment 

recognize there is inherent risk associated with such materials, 
including potential supply issues, lack of available substitutes, 
increased global demand driving heightened competition and 
impacts from geopolitical uncertainty. We take a multifaceted 
approach to risk mitigation to ensure product availability, 
manage price increases and manage supply risk. 

Template survey conducted by Honeywell that asks if they are 
following ethical practices and using valid sources to procure 
the materials. We then file a public report with the SEC on the 
outcome of the 3TG inquiries and the potential use of 3TG in our 
products.

For example, we: 

• Environmental: Missing or expired permits, hazardous waste 

discharge and improper chemical storage 

• Practice hedging, forward-buying and lock-pricing to ensure 
continued supply and pricing stability of critical material 

EMPLOYEE TRAINING 

Honeywell is committed to properly training our procurement 
employees to better enable them to uphold our standards when 
sourcing materials. We have developed robust curricula tailored 
to specific types of jobs. 

In addition to deploying training on standard procurement 
practices, employees are also educated on supplier risk 
management, conflicts of interest, code of conduct, governance 
and all applicable Honeywell procurement policies. 

CRITICAL MATERIALS 

• Monitor geopolitical trends through a tool for universal 

grading of active production suppliers 

• Conduct financial risk assessments using Dun & Bradstreet 

• Secure multiple sources for material where possible 

• Recycle critical minerals or rare earth elements 

CONFLICT MINERALS 

Honeywell is committed to the responsible sourcing of 
tantalum, tin, tungsten and gold (3TG) throughout our global 
supply chain and compliance with the “conflict minerals” 
disclosure requirements implemented by the U.S. Securities and 
Exchange Commission (SEC). 

As a manufacturer of electronic equipment, many of our 
products require the use of critical materials, such as fluorspar, 
precious metals, minor metals and rare earth materials. We 

Each year, we undertake reasonable due diligence to determine 
if any of our products contain 3TG originating in the Democratic 
Republic of Congo and bordering countries. Selected 3TG 
suppliers participate in an annual Conflict Minerals Reporting 

Honeywell | Governance | 98

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

A FIRM FOUNDATION OF 
PRODUCT SAFETY AND 
INTEGRITY

Honeywell maintains extensive product and service safety programs across the 
enterprise, focusing on quality and safety throughout the product lifecycle, from 
design to manufacture to the marketplace. Each strategic business unit drives 
safety processes through: 

• An extensive safety policy with objectives, accountability and responsibilities 

assigned 

• Safety risk management, which includes hazard identification and risk 

assessment and control 

• Safety assurance to monitor and assess performance 

• Safety promotion by engaging in formal training programs and 

communication 

The Engineering, Quality, Technology and Research & Development teams within 
Honeywell’s strategic business units use development phase gates to assess new 
offerings’ safety and quality, and work closely with the company’s Regulatory, 
Product Stewardship, and Legal functions to properly address relevant 
regulatory, labeling and marketing requirements.

Honeywell | Governance | 99

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

Due to the diversified product offerings across the enterprise, 
quality and safety programs are tailored to specific regulatory 
guidelines and jurisdictional rules. Risk assessments are 
conducted throughout Honeywell’s operations as products are 
developed, introduced and produced. 

To ensure Honeywell’s products and services meet the highest 
standards, employees receive regular training, products and 
services are monitored for safety, and emergency response 
procedures are regularly tested. 

For example: 

• Honeywell Aerospace’s safety and integrity initiatives are 

administered by the Product Integrity, Product Assurance & 
Chief Engineering function. 

 · This function is run in parallel to, but independently from, 
the strategic business unit’s other businesses to avoid 
apparent conflict of interests, while safeguarding its 
commitment to safety and integrity. 

• Honeywell Aerospace’s Safety Management System is used 
in the Design & Certification Process, Production Systems 
and Continued Airworthiness Management, and governs 
processes, procedures, personal, equipment and facilities 
standards. 

 · As part of the Safety Management System, Honeywell 
identifies the customer and regulatory requirements, 
including AS9100 standards, and the approved product 
design requirements. 

• Honeywell Performance Materials and Technologies (PMT) 

safety programs provide a comprehensive framework to drive 
continuous improvement in product safety and stewardship. 

 · Among other things, PMT integrates health and safety 

considerations into all aspects of its business, with a focus 
on driving compliance with all applicable regulations. 

• In dealing with product and service safety risk assessments, 
product/service objectives or targets, and regular external 
product/service safety audits, Honeywell Building 
Technologies (HBT) drives success by focusing on quality 
and safety through the product lifecycle. 

 · HBT aligns the Engineering, Quality, and Safety teams 

with the design and manufacturing teams to provide preproduct-launch approvals. 

 · Key metrics such as First Pass Yield, which monitors the 
robustness of the manufacturing processes; customer 
field-performance metrics, and the business unit’s Product 
Safety Global Procedure QP-PSC-01, which addresses 
potential safety issues as they arise in pre/post launch 
testing, help ensure a rigorous and scientific approach to 
quality and safety. 

 · Honeywell Safety and Productivity Solutions (SPS) offers 
a broad suite of products, services and solutions with a 
focus on automation, productivity and safety. SPS crossfunctional teams of engineers, scientists and productstewardship professionals use a phase-gate approach 
to bring new offerings to market, and SPS legal and 
regulatory teams are integrated in product development 
to bring a continued focus on compliance with applicable 
regulations. 

 · Product assurance and safety is a key part of Honeywell 
Connected Enterprise’s software release management 
process. Product Compliance, Engineering and Product 
Management teams conduct a software assurance 
review using standardized checklists and methodology to 
evaluate all software products. Software goes through a 
testing and quality management process before release 
and is consistently updated through its lifecycle.

Honeywell | Governance | 100

 
HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

CHARTING A PATH 
FORWARD WITH 
POLITICAL ACCOUNTABILITY

Engagement in the political process is critical to Honeywell’s success. 
The company’s future growth depends on forward-thinking legislation 
and regulation that makes society safer, more energy efficient and 
improves public infrastructure. The company strives to engage 
responsibly in the political process and to ensure that its participation 
is consistent with all applicable laws and regulations, its principles 
of good governance and its high standards of ethical conduct. 

Honeywell is committed to providing transparent disclosure of political contributions 
and lobbying activities. Based on feedback from stakeholders, Honeywell has continued 
to enhance its political engagement disclosures. The Center for Political Accountability 
rates Honeywell as a “Trendsetter” among first-tier companies. 

Disclosures are available at investor.honeywell.com. 

Honeywell | Governance | 101

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

Honeywell makes every effort to be accurate and 
comprehensive while considering the perspective of the 
company’s largest shareowners. Disclosures include 
explanations of the company’s rationale for engaging in the 
political process, identifying top legislative and regulatory 
priorities and defining governance processes. The company’s 
disclosures also address: 

• The use of corporate funds for political contributions and 
contributions to tax-exempt organizations that may use 
funds for political purposes. 

• Details regarding Honeywell’s exclusively employee-funded 
political action committee, the Honeywell International 
Political Action Committee (HIPAC), including its 
disbursements. 

• Streamlined and direct access to federal, state and local 

lobbying reports. 

• Identification of trade associations receiving membership 
dues of $50,000 or more from Honeywell annually and the 
corresponding nondeductible portion of the dues. 

 In 2022, Honeywell conducted an evaluation of our lobbying 
activities and the public statements of trade associations that 
receive membership dues of $50,000 or more from Honeywell 
to assess alignment with the goals of the Paris Agreement. 
Honeywell issued a publicly available report that describes 
Honeywell’s climate-related lobbying activities and assesses 
alignment of these trade associations’ climate-related public 
statements with Paris Agreement goals. 

The Law Department oversees the company’s lobbying 
activities. Honeywell’s Senior Vice President of Global 
Government Relations, reports to the Senior Vice President 
and General Counsel and works closely with the Vice President 
and General Counsel of ESG, whose organization ensures 
compliance with all applicable laws with our political spending 
policy. The company’s Senior Vice President and General 
Counsel; and its Senior Vice President of Global Government 
Relations; meet regularly with the Chief Executive Officer to 
review legislative, regulatory and political developments. 

Honeywell’s public policy efforts, including all lobbying 
activities, political contributions and payments to trade 
associations and other tax-exempt organizations, are the 
responsibility of the Board’s Corporate Governance and 
Responsibility Committee (CGRC), which consists entirely of 

independent, nonemployee directors. Each year, the CGRC 
receives an annual report on the company’s policies and 
practices regarding political contributions. 

The Senior Vice President of Global Government Relations, 
reports to the CGRC each year on trade association 
memberships and to the full Board on the global lobbying 
and government relations program. The CGRC’s oversight 
of the company’s political activities ensures compliance 
with applicable law and alignment with its policies, strategic 
priorities, Code of Business Conduct and values. 

In 2020, the company established an Advisory Board of leaders 
representing a cross-section of Honeywell who meet regularly to 
review proposed HIPAC and corporate disbursements to assess 
alignment with Honeywell’s foundational principles: Integrity 
and Ethics, Inclusion and Diversity, and Workplace Respect. 
The Advisory Board also reviews memberships in third-party 
organizations (including trade associations) and alignment of 
proposed disbursements with Honeywell’s sustainability goals. 
The Advisory Board meets at the start of each Congress, and 
at least quarterly thereafter, to determine whether proposed 
recipients of funding are eligible in alignment with Honeywell’s 
foundational values. 

Advisory Board decisions are documented and reported
quarterly to the HIPAC Board of Directors and to Honeywell’s
Chief Executive Officer. Honeywell’s Senior Vice President,
Global Government Relations, also includes notable Advisory
Board decisions in his annual report to the CGRC. 

Honeywell | Governance | 102

 
 
HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

MEET ESG
FUTURESHAPERS

MEET ESG FUTURESHAPER: LUIS IZE LUDLOW

MEET ESG FUTURESHAPER: MICHAEL KENNELLY

MEET ESG FUTURESHAPER: HELIN COX

Luis has been leading the Latin American team to address 
critical initiatives correlating to global warming and 
sustainability. Luis’ team has assisted asphalt producers 
reduce their carbon dioxide emissions and helped develop 
polyvinylchloride (PVC)-free alternatives for pharmaceutical 
packaging.

Michael supports lithium-ion battery manufacturers with their 
efforts to decarbonize the transportation sector. According 
to Michael, shaping the future is always new and sometimes 
involves solutions that haven’t been invented yet. What drives 
Michael is always challenging himself to do better for others.

Alkylate has become a key element to meet cleaner regulations 
around the world and the Honeywell technology that’s 
producing alkylate: ISOALKY™. Helin is spearheading this 
breakthrough initiative to aid in reducing the carbon footprint 
of gasoline. 

Honeywell | Governance | 103

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

MEET ESG
FUTURESHAPERS

MEET ESG FUTURESHAPER: MOHIT SINGHAI

MEET ESG FUTURESHAPER: MEGAN KUBACKI

MEET ESG FUTURESHAPER: AJ FOWOWE

As an Aerospace procurement leader, Mohit Singhai helps 
build and bring products to market that are helping to power 
next-generation aircrafts. He’s also found ways to introduce 
sustainability to his family. 

One of the most promising new sources of energy, now and in 
the future, is hydrogen. But not all hydrogen is created equal 
and the world needs a low-carbon way of producing it. Megan 
is a project development leader who’s helping implement 
technologies that decarbonize hydrogen production through 
carbon capture and hydrogen purification.

AJ Fowowe enjoys being part of the customer’s journey away 
from fossil fuels to clean energy sources. He also has interest 
for new technologies and going on long runs. 

Honeywell | Governance | 104

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

SASB/TCFD 
INFORMATION

SASB DISCLOSURE 
The following disclosures are aligned to the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) framework for the Resource Transformation—Electrical and Electric Equipment (EE) industry. As a 
diversified industrial manufacturer, the nature of Honeywell’s business does not fit squarely within one industry, so Honeywell has included metrics aligned to other industries we believe would be
of interest to our investors. Honeywell will continue to evaluate the disclosure of additional topics relevant to our industries, taking into account materiality, availability of reliable data and
competitive sensitivities.

TOPIC 

ACCOUNTING METRIC 

SASB CODE 

HONEYWELL METRIC¹ /DISCLOSURE LOCATION

Greenhouse Gas Emissions

Energy Management

Water Management

Gross global Scope 1 emissions; percentage covered under emissions-limiting 
regulations

RT-CH-110a.1 

1,059,105 metric tons²; 
2.0% under emissions-limiting regulations

Discussion of long-term and short-term strategy or plan to manage Scope 1 emissions, 
emissions reduction targets, and an analysis of performance against those targets

RT-CH-110a.2

The Environment

(1) total energy consumed, 
(2) percentage grid electricity, 
(3) percentage renewable

Total water withdrawn, percentage in regions with High or Extremely High Baseline 
Water Stress

Description of water management risks and discussion of strategies and practices 
to mitigate those risks 

RT-EE-130a.1

RT-CH-140a.1 

RT-CH-140a.3 

(1) 16,462,506 GJ 
(2) 37% grid electricity 
(3) 1% renewable energy

20,986 thousand cubic meters3 
23% in water-stressed regions

Wastewater and Effluent Management 
and Water Stewardship

Hazardous Waste Management

Amount of hazardous waste generated 

RT-CH-150a.1 

13,414 metric tons3

Workforce Health & Safety

Description of efforts to assess, monitor, and reduce exposure of employees and 
contract workers to long-term (chronic) health risks

RT-CH-320a.2

Protecting the Workforce

Total recordable incident rate (TRIR) for (a) direct employees and (b) contract employees

RT-CH-320a.1 

0.204

Honeywell | SASB/TCFD Information | 105

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

TOPIC 

ACCOUNTING METRIC 

SASB CODE 

HONEYWELL METRIC¹ /DISCLOSURE LOCATION

Community Relations

Discussion of engagement processes to manage risks and opportunities associated with 
community interests 

RT-CH-210a.1 

Materials Sourcing

Description of the management of risks associated with the use of critical materials 

Management of the Legal & 
Regulatory Environment 

Discussion of corporate positions related to government regulations and/or policy 
proposals that address environmental and social factors affecting the industry 

RT-EE-440a.1 
RT-AE-440a.1

RT-CH-530a.1 

Description of policies and practices for prevention of: (1) corruption and bribery, and
(2) anti-competitive behavior

RT-EE-510a.1

Business Ethics

Discussion of processes to manage business ethics risks throughout the value chain

RT-CH-150a.1

Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with bribery 
or corruption (and/or illicit international trade) 

RT-CH-320a.1 

Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with anticompetitive behavior regulations 

RT-CH-320a.2 

HSE Governance; Emergency Preparedness; 
Revitalizing Brownfields, Renewing Communities; 
Honeywell Due Diligence Process to Identify and 
Address Environmental and Social Risk

Critical Materials

CDP Climate Change Report: C12.3, C12.3a 
2023 Proxy: Oversight of Political Engagement and 
Contributions, Climate-Related Lobbying Report

Integrity and Compliance; Code of Business 
Conduct: Avoiding Conflicts of Interest, Seeking 
Business Openly and Honestly, Compliance with 
International Competition Laws

Integrity and Compliance; Code of Business 
Conduct: One Honeywell How We Treat Our 
Customers, One Honeywell How We Treat Our 
Suppliers

SEC Filings: Information on legal proceedings is 
disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and 
in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q

SEC Filings: Information on legal proceedings is 
disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and 
in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q

Activity 

Number of employees 

RT-EE-000.B 
RT-AE-000.B 

97,0005

1Represents 2022 data. 
2Reported pursuant to The Greenhouse Gas Protocol. 
3Excludes sites under remediation. 
4TRIR for employees and directly supervised contractors and calculated based on OSHA guidelines. 
5Excludes Sandia National Laboratories (Sandia) and Kansas City National Security Campus (KCNSC) workforces of approximately 21,000 employees. Sandia and KCNSC are U.S. 
Department of Energy facilities. Honeywell manages these facilities as a contract operator and does not establish or control their human resource policies. 

Honeywell | SASB/TCFD Information | 106

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

TCFD DISCLOSURE
The following table maps Honeywell’s publicly available climate-related discussion against the framework developed by the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures. For detailed 
discussion, please see the referenced documents.

GOVERNANCE 
DISCLOSE THE ORGANIZATION’S GOVERNANCE AROUND CLIMATE-RELATED RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES.

Summary Response

Recommended Disclosure

Disclosure Location

Honeywell is committed to strong corporate governance policies, 
practices and procedures designed to ensure our Board effectively 
exercises its oversight role. Our Board is responsible for, among other 
things, reviewing and monitoring implementation of Honeywell’s 
strategic plans, reviewing risk assessments and monitoring mitigation 
activities with respect to significant risks and issues facing the 
company, including climate-related risks and opportunities. The 
Board’s Corporate Governance and Responsibility Committee (CGRC) 
has primary responsibility for managing climate-related risks and 
opportunities. Roles for assessing and managing climate-related 
risks and opportunities are integrated into a number of functions and 
committees throughout the company. Honeywell’s Vice President, 
Health, Safety and Environment is responsible for implementing our 
HSEPS Management System. Environmental goals are established 
annually with each of our strategic businesses. The Corporate Energy 
and Sustainability Team, a cross-business and cross-function team, 
led by our Senior Director of Sustainability, helps drive the company’s 
sustainability goals. This includes the use of efficiency audits and 
quarterly risk assessments. Progress on these goals is reported 
quarterly to the CEO and is reviewed with the CGRC at least annually.

a) Describe the board’s oversight of climate-related risks 

and opportunities.

CDP Climate Change Report: C1.1b 
2023 Proxy: Corporate Governance

b) Describe management’s role in assessing and managing 

climate-related risks and opportunities.

CDP Climate Change Report: 1.2

Honeywell | SASB/TCFD Information | 107

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

STRATEGY 
DISCLOSE THE ACTUAL AND POTENTIAL IMPACTS OF CLIMATE-RELATED RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES ON THE ORGANIZATION’S BUSINESSES, STRATEGY AND FINANCIAL PLANNING 
WHERE SUCH INFORMATION IS MATERIAL.

Summary Response

Recommended Disclosure

Disclosure Location

Honeywell’s diverse portfolio of products, solutions, end-markets 
and business models – along with our decentralized operational 
footprint and our rigorous risk identification, assessment and planning 
processes – mitigate the impact of climate-related risks. We do not 
believe climate-related risks are reasonably likely to have a material 
effect in the foreseeable future on the company’s business or the 
markets it serves, nor on our results of operations, capital expenditures 
or financial position. Honeywell is uniquely positioned to shape a 
safer and more sustainable future. We continue to invent and develop 
technologies that provide our customers with adaptable and efficient 
solutions to address their safety, energy and environmental needs.

a) Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the 

organization has identified over the short, medium and long term. 

CDP Climate Change Report: C2.1a, C2.3, C2.3b, C2.4, 2.4a 

TCFD Information Table A & Table B

b) Describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on 
the organization’s businesses, strategy and financial planning. 

CDP Climate Change Report: C2.4a, C3.1, C3.2a, C3.2b, C3.3, C3.4 

TCFD Information Table A & Table B

c) Describe the resilience of the organization’s strategy, taking into 

consideration different climate-related scenarios, including a 2°C 
or lower scenario. 

CDP Climate Change Report: C3.2, C3.2a, C3.2b

RISK MANAGEMENT 
DISCLOSE HOW THE ORGANIZATION IDENTIFIES, ASSESSES AND MANAGES CLIMATE-RELATED RISKS.

Summary Response

Recommended Disclosure

Disclosure Location

Honeywell regularly assesses risks and opportunities at both a 
company-wide and asset-specific level to determine both probability 
of occurrence and potential impact to the business. This assessment 
is incorporated into our standard business planning, and opportunity 
and risk management processes. While risk and opportunity 
management are part of our standard business operations, the Board 
has responsibility for risk oversight and regularly reviews top-level, 
strategic, operational, reporting and compliance risks.

a) Describe the organization’s processes for identifying and assessing 

climate-related risks.

CDP Climate Change Report: C2.1, C2.2, C2.2a

b) Describe the organization’s processes for managing 

climate-related risks.

CDP Climate Change Report: C2.1, C2.2

c) Describe how processes for identifying, assessing and managing 
climate-related risks are integrated into the organization’s overall 
risk management. 

CDP Climate Change Report: C2.1, C2.2

Honeywell | SASB/TCFD Information | 108

 
 
HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

METRICS AND TARGETS 
DISCLOSE THE METRICS AND TARGETS USED TO ASSESS AND MANAGE RELEVANT CLIMATE-RELATED RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES WHERE SUCH INFORMATION IS MATERIAL.

Summary Response

Recommended Disclosure

Disclosure Location

Overall, Honeywell’s sustainability program has reduced greenhouse 
gas intensity by more than 90%. In 2019, the company set a fourth 
goal, a new five-year “10-10-10” target to reduce global greenhouse 
gas emissions by an additional 10%, indexed to revenue, from 2018 
levels; to deploy at least 10 renewable energy opportunities; and to 
achieve certification to ISO’s 50001 Energy Management Standard 
at 10 facilities, all by 2024. In 2021, Honeywell took another step 
by announcing a pledge to be carbon neutral in our facilities and 
operations by 2035. In 2022, Honeywell committed to setting a 
science-based target with the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) 
and the target was validated as of April 2023.

a) Disclose the metrics used by the organization to assess 

climate-related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy 
and risk management process.

CDP Climate Change Report: C4.1, C4.1b, C4.2

b) Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2, and, if appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse 

gas (GHG) emissions and the related risks. 

Reducing GHG Emissions; CDP Climate Change Report: C6.1, 
C6.3, C6.5

c) Describe the targets used by the organization to manage climaterelated risks and opportunities and performance against targets. 

Our Environmental Goals; CDP Climate Change Report: C4.1, 
C4.1a, C4.1b, C4.2

Honeywell | SASB/TCFD Information | 109

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

TABLE A: EXAMPLES OF CLIMATE-RELATED RISKS WITH MITIGATION STRATEGIES

Risk Type

Potential Financial Impact (-)

Short

Medium

Long

Mitigation Strategy

TIME HORIZON

Transition: Policy and Legal 

a) Increased pricing of greenhouse gas 

emissions due to regulations

Transition: Market

b) Reduced demand for goods and 
services due to shift in consumer 
preferences or changes in purchasing 
power 

x

x

Since 2004, Honeywell has had a comprehensive program to audit 
facilities for opportunities to reduce Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG 
emissions, to set annual internal and external targets and to track 
them to completion. This has resulted in an overall reduction of GHG 
intensity above 90%. Honeywell will continue this program to further 
reduce our GHG footprint. In addition, on a quarterly basis, we evaluate 
the potential impact from changes in climate related regulations and 
litigation. 

Honeywell continuously innovates to expand sustainable opportunities 
with our products and services. Approximately 60% of our R&D 
spend is on our ESG-oriented offerings¹ including offerings related 
to reducing GHG emissions. In addition, each of our new products is 
subject to an eco-efficiency assessment considering opportunities 
to improve energy efficiency and each quarter we assess whether 
changes in our product mixes may impact GHG emissions.

Honeywell | SASB/TCFD Information | 110

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

Risk Type

Potential Financial Impact (-)

Short

Medium

Long

Mitigation Strategy

TIME HORIZON

Physical: Acute

Reduced revenue from 
business disruption 

Increased costs from repairing 
or restoring damaged locations

x

x

Climate change data is incorporated into the emergency response 
plans for every one of our facilities, which specify programs to mitigate 
the potential risks of physical damage. In addition, we evaluate on 
a quarterly basis the potential for impact to our supply chain from 
changes in GHG regulations or from physical damage due to climaterelated events. Our Business Continuity Management Program 
also creates plans to help ensure the company can continue critical 
operations in the event of a disaster and promptly recover essential 
systems and technology.

Climate change data is incorporated into the emergency response 
plans for every one of our facilities, which specify programs to mitigate 
the potential risks of physical damage. In addition, we evaluate on a 
regular basis the potential for impact to our supply chain from physical 
damage due to climate-related events. Our Business Continuity 
Management Program also creates plans to help ensure the company 
can continue critical operations in the event of a disaster and promptly 
recover essential systems and technology.

Honeywell | SASB/TCFD Information | 111

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

Risk Type

Potential Financial Impact (-)

Short

Medium

Long

Mitigation Strategy

TIME HORIZON

Physical: Chronic

Increased cost related to relocation 
due to sea level rise 

Increased cost related to increased need 
for cooling and heating due to changing 
temperatures 

x 

x 

Honeywell’s Global Real Estate group incorporates physical risk 
considerations as part of due diligence for any new locations. 

Honeywell’s Global Real Estate group incorporates energy efficiency 
and energy procurement considerations as part of due diligence 
for any new location that would help reduce costs related to energy 
use, heating and cooling. In addition, since 2004, Honeywell has 
had a comprehensive program to audit, identify, execute and track 
completion of energy efficiency projects in all our facilities. This 
program has improved Honeywell’s overall energy efficiency by 
approximately 70%. We will continue this program going forward.

1Methodology for identifying ESG-oriented solutions is available at investor.honeywell.com (see *(ESG/ESG information/identification of ESG-Oriented Offerings)*)

Honeywell | SASB/TCFD Information | 112

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

TABLE B: EXAMPLES OF CLIMATE-RELATED OPPORTUNITIES WITH STRATEGIES TO REALIZE THE OPPORTUNITY

Risk Type

Potential Financial Impact (-)

Short

Medium

Long

Mitigation Strategy

TIME HORIZON

Resource Efficiency 

a) Reduced operating costs through 

efficiency gains and cost reductions by 
moving to more efficient buildings 

x 

Products and Services

b) Increase revenue through demand 

for sustainable products 

x 

Through the Global Real Estate group, Honeywell constantly seeks 
energy-efficient alternatives and initiatives to implement throughout 
our facilities for new construction, project upgrades and retrofits. In 
addition, since 2004, Honeywell has implemented a comprehensive 
energy efficiency program with periodic audits, goals and project 
review to completion. This program has resulted in approximately 70% 
improvement in energy efficiency. There have been 6,300 projects 
completed since 2010 with an estimated annualized savings of more 
than $100 million.

Honeywell continuously innovates to expand our portfolio of 
sustainable products and services. Approximately 60% of new 
production introduction research and development activity is on 
our ESG-oriented portfolio¹ including offerings related to reducing 
GHG emissions. Each of our strategic business groups invests 
significantly in these opportunities and we created two new business 
units, Sustainable Technologies and Solutions (STS) and Sustainable 
Building Technologies (SBT), to specifically develop and commercialize 
new technologies that meet the growing demand for sustainable 
solutions to the world’s rising energy needs. Climate-related scenario 
modeling is part of our annual business planning process. We use 
socioeconomic climate models with different scenario assumptions 
to determine product strategy and customer impact for products that 
address greenhouse gas emissions, energy efficiency and changes in 
fuel use such as decarbonization, renewable fuels and power.

Honeywell | SASB/TCFD Information | 113

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

Risk Type

Potential Financial Impact (-)

Short

Medium

Long

Mitigation Strategy

TIME HORIZON

a) Better competitive position to reflect 

shifting consumer preferences, 
resulting in increased revenues 

x 

Each of our new products is subject to an eco-efficiency assessment 
that considers opportunities to improve energy efficiency, and each 
quarter we assess whether changes in our product mixes may impact 
GHG emissions. Our Government Relations team identifies and 
assesses emerging trends and advocates for favorable policies, 
legislation and regulation globally to promote clean energy and 
energy efficiency. Changes in regulations, increases in the demand 
for advanced building controls and energy efficient products, and 
the transition to a lower-carbon economy support demand for our 
sustainable products. For example, the transition from high-GWP 
HFCs to low-GWP HFO alternatives presented a transition opportunity 
and, as a result, Honeywell developed our line of Solstice® products, 
which have already helped our customers avoid discharging more than 
326 million metric tons of CO2 equivalent to the atmosphere.

1Methodology for identifying ESG-oriented solutions is available at investor.honeywell.com (see *(ESG/ESG information/identification of ESG-Oriented Offerings)*)

Honeywell | SASB/TCFD Information | 114

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

ESG
DATA

ESG Data Sheet (v 23.09.20)

Category

Metric

Greenhouse Gas (GHG) 
Emissions1

Scope 1 GHG emissions, metric tons CO2e 

Scope 2 GHG emissions, location-based, metric tons CO2e 

Total Scope 1 & 2 location-based, metric tons CO2e 

GHG intensity, Scope 1 & 2 location-based, metric tons CO2e/$M revenue 

Scope 2 GHG emissions, market-based, metric tons CO2e 

Scope 3 GHG emissions2, select categories, metric tons CO2e

Purchased goods and services 

Capital goods 

Fuel and energy-related activities (not included in Scope 1 and 2) 

Upstream transportation and distribution 

Waste generated in operations

Business travel 

Employee commuting 

Upstream leased assets

Downstream leased assets 

Carbon neutrality pledge3 

Science-based targets4 

1,324,742

693,288

2,018,031

58.7

808,985

1,059,105

697,091

1,756,196

49.5

694,255

15,324,871

16,222,277

571,932

367,463

311,035

107,601

61,194

102,838

5,867

471,091

349,765

876,674

95,754

72,177

106,537

6,424

 Scope 1 and Scope 2 by 2035

 SBTi Validated

Honeywell | ESG Data | 115

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

ESG Data Sheet (v 23.09.20)

Category

Avoided Emissions5

Energy Management

Metric

GHG emissions avoided by customers, metric tons CO2e since 2010

Total energy consumed, gigajoules 

% grid electricity 

% renewable 

Energy intensity, billion British thermal units/$M revenue 

Hazardous Waste

Total hazardous waste generated, metric tons 

Water Management

Total water withdrawal, thousand cubic meters 

% withdrawal in water-stressed locations, as defined by SASB 

Projects completed in water-stressed locations since 2013 

Water saved from projects in water-stressed regions since 2013, thousand cubic meters 

Sustainability Projects

Number of sustainability projects completed since 2010 

Total recordable incident rate (TRIR) for direct employees 

TRIR weighted industry average 

Workforce Health and Safety6

Total lost workday case incident rate (LWCIR) 

ESG-Oriented Solutions8

Certifications

LWCIR weighted industry average 

Fatality rate for direct employees7 

% revenue 

% new product research and development 

% manufacturing sites with ISO 9001 / AS 9001 

% manufacturing sites with ISO 14001 / RC 14001 

% manufacturing sites with ISO 45001 / OHSAS 18001 / VPP 

Number of sites with ISO 50001 

260,000,000

16,087,000

326,000,000

16,462,506

38%

1%

0.443

15,900

19,600

26%

620

6,100

0.25

1.72

0.1

0.61

0.001

>60%

~60%

93%

34%

37%

37%

1%

0.440

13,414

20,986

23%

625

6,300

0.20

1.73

0.1

0.66

0.000

>60%

~60%

93%

37%

38%

Honeywell | ESG Data | 116

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

ESG Data Sheet (v 23.09.20)

Category

Board of Directors9

Human Capital10 

Metric

Number of directors 

Number of independent directors 

Number of women 

Number of men 

Number of people of color 

Asian

Black 

Hispanic 

Number of employees (global) 

Number of employees (U.S.) 

Women, % of total workforce (global) 

Men, % of total workforce (global) 

Undisclosed, % of total workforce (global) 

Women, % of executives (global) 

Men, % of executives (global) 

Undisclosed, % of executives (global) 

Women, % of other managers (global) 

Men, % of other managers (global) 

Undisclosed, % of other managers (global) 

10

3

4

2

99,000

34,000

29.50%

70.50%

~0.0%

26.80%

73.20%

0.00%

20.60%

79.30%

0.10%

10

4

4

2

97,000

34,000

29.50%

70.50%

~0.0%

25.90%

74.10%

0.00%

21.40%

78.60%

~0.0%

Honeywell | ESG Data | 117

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

ESG Data Sheet (v 23.09.20)

Category

Metric

Human Capital10 

White, % of total workforce (U.S.) 

People of Color, % of total workforce (U.S.) 

Black 

Hispanic 

Asian Pacific Islander 

Other 

White, % of executives (U.S.) 

People of Color, % of executives (U.S.) 

Black 

Hispanic 

Asian Pacific Islander 

Other 

White, % of other managers (U.S.) 

People of Color, % of other managers (U.S.) 

Black 

Hispanic 

Asian Pacific Islander 

Other 

66.20%

33.80%

10.00%

9.20%

12.20%

2.40%

78.90%

21.10%

4.20%

2.70%

12.70%

1.50%

72.40%

27.60%

5.70%

6.20%

13.20%

2.50%

64.60%

35.40%

10.50%

10.00%

12.90%

2.00%

76.10%

23.90%

3.40%

3.70%

14.30%

2.50%

71.60%

28.40%

5.80%

6.30%

14.20%

2.10%

Honeywell | ESG Data | 118

HOME

HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW 

ESG APPROACH

COMMITMENT 
TO ESG

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

ESG Data Sheet (v 23.09.20)

Category

Reporting

Metric

CDP Climate Report 

TCFD Report 

SASB Report 

Citizenship Report/ESG Report 

EEO-1 Report 

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes11

1Limited third-party GHG assurance obtained since 2011. 
2Represents estimated Scope 3 GHG emissions for the select categories disclosed in our CDP Climate Report. 
3Announced April 2021. 
4Commitment letter submitted to the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) in February 2022 and validated in April 2023. 
5Emissions avoided by customers from use of Solstice® low global-warming-potential products. 
6Weighted industry averages are based on the following NAICS benchmark codes: 237, 325, 326, 334, 541, 2382, 2389, 3162, 3339, 3364. 
7Metrics calculated in accordance with SASB definitions. 
8Methodology for identifying ESG-oriented solutions is available at investor.honeywell.com (see “ESG/ESG Information/Identification of ESG-Oriented Offerings”). 
9Data presented as of December 31 of the applicable year. 
10Data presented as of December 31 of the applicable year. Excludes Sandia National Laboratories (Sandia) and Kansas City National Security Campus (KCNSC) workforces. Sandia and KCNSC are U.S. Department of Energy facilities. 
 Honeywell manages these facilities as a contract operator but does not establish or control their human resources policies. The executives category represents executive-band employees. 
11The U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission’s 2022 EEO-1 Component 1 data collection opens on October 31, 2023. The deadline to file is December 5, 2023.

Honeywell | ESG Data | 119

THE
FUTURE
IS
WHAT
WE
MAKE IT